# openapi-java-client

SEDRA IV API
- API version: 1.0.0
  - Build date: 2024-10-12T11:29:20.574350-04:00[America/New_York]
  - Generator version: 7.9.0

The SEDRA API is documented in **OpenAPI format** and uses [ReDoc](https://github.com/Rebilly/ReDoc) for documentation.
# Introduction
This document describes the JSON API for the Syriac Electronic Data Research Archive (SEDRA). The SEDRA project is a linguistic and literary database of Syriac language and literature focusing on providing electronic access to the corpus of Syriac lexicons with linguistic information added to each entry in those lexicons. The API is a mechanism to provide the linguistic information stored in SEDRA to a broader audience.
Additionally there is a XML API for Syriac words which conforms to a prototype Semitic Languages schema which can be found in the XSD file https://sedra.bethmardutho.org/api/semiticLanguages.xsd.
# Cross-Origin Resource Sharing
This API features Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) implemented in compliance with the [W3C spec](https://www.w3.org/TR/cors/) and allows cross-domain communication from the browser.
All responses have a wildcard same-origin which makes them completely public and accessible to everyone, including any code on any site.
# Samples
Explaining how to lookup words in the SEDRA API is complex and would clutter the API description. For that reason we have chosen to give the explanation of how to lookup words in its own section. SEDRA can lookup words by the SEDRA word Id. However, it will often be the case that the consumer of information provided by the SEDRA API does not know the SEDRA word Id. It is for that reason that the SEDRA API provides a method to lookup words by the Syriac text. But that process is complicated by the nature of Syriac writing. So the SEDRA API will lookup words for consonantal, partially vocalized, and fully vocalized Syriac text. Using the word Id will provide the most accurate results as the exact word will be returned. Fully vocalized text will provide the next most accurate result. The least accurate results will be returned by partially vocalized and consonantal Syriac words in that order. Following are some samples to help understand how this works.
1. By Word Id [30862](https://sedra.bethmardutho.org/api/word/30862.json)
2. By fully vocalized Syriac word [ܐܰܒܳܪܳܐ](https://sedra.bethmardutho.org/api/word/ܐܰܒܳܪܳܐ.json)
3. By partially vocalized Syriac word [ܐܶܒܪܐ](https://sedra.bethmardutho.org/api/word/ܐܶܒܪܐ.json)
4. By consonantal Syriac word [ܐܒܪܐ](https://sedra.bethmardutho.org/api/word/ܐܒܪܐ.json).


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.8+
2. Maven (3.8.3+)/Gradle (7.2+)

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
  <artifactId>openapi-java-client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
  repositories {
    mavenCentral()     // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to maven central.
    mavenLocal()       // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to the local maven repo.
  }

  dependencies {
     implementation "org.openapitools:openapi-java-client:1.0.0"
  }
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

* `target/openapi-java-client-1.0.0.jar`
* `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java

// Import classes:
import org.openapitools.client.ApiClient;
import org.openapitools.client.ApiException;
import org.openapitools.client.Configuration;
import org.openapitools.client.model.*;
import org.openapitools.client.api.ApiApi;

public class Example {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    ApiClient defaultClient = Configuration.getDefaultApiClient();
    defaultClient.setBasePath("http://sedra.bethmardutho.org/api");

    ApiApi apiInstance = new ApiApi(defaultClient);
    String id = "id_example"; // String | The Id of a lexeme from the Sedra database.
    try {
      LexemeIdGet200Response result = apiInstance.lexemeIdGet(id);
      System.out.println(result);
    } catch (ApiException e) {
      System.err.println("Exception when calling ApiApi#lexemeIdGet");
      System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
      System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
      System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
      e.printStackTrace();
    }
  }
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://sedra.bethmardutho.org/api*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ApiApi* | [**lexemeIdGet**](docs/ApiApi.md#lexemeIdGet) | **GET** /lexeme/{id} | Get Syriac lexeme.
*ApiApi* | [**wordIdGet**](docs/ApiApi.md#wordIdGet) | **GET** /word/{id} | Get Syriac word.


## Documentation for Models

 - [LexemeIdGet200Response](docs/LexemeIdGet200Response.md)
 - [WordIdGet200ResponseInner](docs/WordIdGet200ResponseInner.md)
 - [WordIdGet200ResponseInnerWord](docs/WordIdGet200ResponseInnerWord.md)


<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author

sedra@bethmardutho.org

