# openapi-java-client

MATCH API
- API version: 1.0.0
  - Build date: 2024-10-12T10:09:23.990905-04:00[America/New_York]
  - Generator version: 7.9.0

Helps acquirers identify potentially high-risk merchants before entering to a merchant agreement.


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.8+
2. Maven (3.8.3+)/Gradle (7.2+)

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
  <artifactId>openapi-java-client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
  repositories {
    mavenCentral()     // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to maven central.
    mavenLocal()       // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to the local maven repo.
  }

  dependencies {
     implementation "org.openapitools:openapi-java-client:1.0.0"
  }
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

* `target/openapi-java-client-1.0.0.jar`
* `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java

// Import classes:
import org.openapitools.client.ApiClient;
import org.openapitools.client.ApiException;
import org.openapitools.client.Configuration;
import org.openapitools.client.model.*;
import org.openapitools.client.api.AcquirerContactRequestApi;

public class Example {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    ApiClient defaultClient = Configuration.getDefaultApiClient();
    defaultClient.setBasePath("https://api.mastercard.com");

    AcquirerContactRequestApi apiInstance = new AcquirerContactRequestApi(defaultClient);
    ContactRequestSchema contactRequest = new ContactRequestSchema(); // ContactRequestSchema | The contact request object
    try {
      ContactResponseSchema result = apiInstance.fraudMerchantV3CommonContactDetailsPost(contactRequest);
      System.out.println(result);
    } catch (ApiException e) {
      System.err.println("Exception when calling AcquirerContactRequestApi#fraudMerchantV3CommonContactDetailsPost");
      System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
      System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
      System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
      e.printStackTrace();
    }
  }
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.mastercard.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AcquirerContactRequestApi* | [**fraudMerchantV3CommonContactDetailsPost**](docs/AcquirerContactRequestApi.md#fraudMerchantV3CommonContactDetailsPost) | **POST** /fraud/merchant/v3/common/contact-details | Returns the contact information for the acquirer id requested. When MATCH returns a possible merchant match, this resource assists users by retrieving the contact information associated with the Acquirer ID/ICA that added the merchant to MATCH.
*AddTerminatedMerchantApi* | [**fraudMerchantV3AddMerchantPost**](docs/AddTerminatedMerchantApi.md#fraudMerchantV3AddMerchantPost) | **POST** /fraud/merchant/v3/add-merchant | Used by Acquirers to add a terminated a merchant in the MATCH system. Merchant information, and up to five principal owners per merchant, can be provided by an acquiring bank as part of the listing.
*RetroactiveInquiryDetailsRequestApi* | [**fraudMerchantV3RetroRetroInquiryDetailsPost**](docs/RetroactiveInquiryDetailsRequestApi.md#fraudMerchantV3RetroRetroInquiryDetailsPost) | **POST** /fraud/merchant/v3/retro/retro-inquiry-details | Returns detailed information about Merchants, URLs and up to five principal owners, that have been terminated by an acquiring bank after the inquiry was made.  This MATCH resource assists acquirer&#39;s ability to consider the merchants terminated after the inquiry was made. If an initial inquiry does not result in a possible match, it is still possible that the merchant listing could appear sometime in the next 360 days. This may occur when another acquirer enters the merchant into the MATCH database. The system will automatically continue to search the MATCH system for 360 days. To view these notifications, acquirers must use the Retroactive Inquiry Summary service. This resource can be used to obtain detailed information, such as, if a Merchant or individual has been terminated by another acquirer after an inquiry was made, the reason for termination, and the history of fraudulent or risky business practices that led to that termination.
*RetroactiveInquiryRequestApi* | [**fraudMerchantV3RetroRetroListPost**](docs/RetroactiveInquiryRequestApi.md#fraudMerchantV3RetroRetroListPost) | **POST** /fraud/merchant/v3/retro/retro-list | Returns the summary of Retro matches for the given Acquirer Id. This resource will return the summary of Retroactive Inquiry matches for the given Acquirer ID/ICA. If an initial inquiry does not result in a possible match, it is still possible that the merchant listing could appear sometime in the next 360 days. This may occur when another acquirer enters the merchant into the MATCH database. The system will automatically continue to search the MATCH system for 360 days. To view these notifications, acquirers must use the Retroactive Inquiry service.
*TerminationInquiryHistoryRequestApi* | [**fraudMerchantV3TerminationInquiryIRNGet**](docs/TerminationInquiryHistoryRequestApi.md#fraudMerchantV3TerminationInquiryIRNGet) | **GET** /fraud/merchant/v3/termination-inquiry/{IRN} | Returns information about Merchants, URLs and up to five principal owners, that have been terminated by an acquiring bank from a previous inquiry. The Inquiry History Results resource displays the inquiry with the option to view either; Possible Merchant Matches or Possible Inquiry Matches.
*TerminationInquiryRequestApi* | [**fraudMerchantV3TerminationInquiryPost**](docs/TerminationInquiryRequestApi.md#fraudMerchantV3TerminationInquiryPost) | **POST** /fraud/merchant/v3/termination-inquiry | Returns information on merchants that have been terminated and merchants that have inquired upon. Provides the acquiring bank with information, such as, if a Merchant or individual has been terminated by another acquirer already, the reason for termination, the history of fraudulent or risky business practices that led to that termination and the inquiry that was made already on the Merchant or individual by own or another acquiring bank (if opted).


## Documentation for Models

 - [AddMerchantMerchant](docs/AddMerchantMerchant.md)
 - [AddMerchantRequest](docs/AddMerchantRequest.md)
 - [AddMerchantResponse](docs/AddMerchantResponse.md)
 - [AddTerminatedMerchantRequestSchema](docs/AddTerminatedMerchantRequestSchema.md)
 - [AddTerminatedMerchantResponseSchema](docs/AddTerminatedMerchantResponseSchema.md)
 - [Address](docs/Address.md)
 - [Contact](docs/Contact.md)
 - [ContactRequest](docs/ContactRequest.md)
 - [ContactRequestSchema](docs/ContactRequestSchema.md)
 - [ContactResponse](docs/ContactResponse.md)
 - [ContactResponseSchema](docs/ContactResponseSchema.md)
 - [DriversLicense](docs/DriversLicense.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [Errors](docs/Errors.md)
 - [ErrorsResponse](docs/ErrorsResponse.md)
 - [InquiredMerchant](docs/InquiredMerchant.md)
 - [InquiredMerchantMerchant](docs/InquiredMerchantMerchant.md)
 - [Merchant](docs/Merchant.md)
 - [MerchantMatch](docs/MerchantMatch.md)
 - [PossibleInquiryMatches](docs/PossibleInquiryMatches.md)
 - [PossibleMerchantMatches](docs/PossibleMerchantMatches.md)
 - [Principal](docs/Principal.md)
 - [PrincipalMatch](docs/PrincipalMatch.md)
 - [RetroInquiryRequest](docs/RetroInquiryRequest.md)
 - [RetroInquiryRequestSchema](docs/RetroInquiryRequestSchema.md)
 - [RetroInquiryResponse](docs/RetroInquiryResponse.md)
 - [RetroInquiryResponseSchema](docs/RetroInquiryResponseSchema.md)
 - [RetroRequest](docs/RetroRequest.md)
 - [RetroRequestSchema](docs/RetroRequestSchema.md)
 - [RetroResponse](docs/RetroResponse.md)
 - [RetroResponseSchema](docs/RetroResponseSchema.md)
 - [SearchCriteria](docs/SearchCriteria.md)
 - [TerminatedMerchant](docs/TerminatedMerchant.md)
 - [TerminationInquiry](docs/TerminationInquiry.md)
 - [TerminationInquiryRequest](docs/TerminationInquiryRequest.md)
 - [TerminationInquiryRequestSchema](docs/TerminationInquiryRequestSchema.md)
 - [TerminationInquirySchema](docs/TerminationInquirySchema.md)
 - [Url](docs/Url.md)
 - [UrlGroup](docs/UrlGroup.md)


<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author



