# C++ Qt API client

# 

Spotify Web API with fixes and improvements from sonallux

- API version: 2023.2.27
- Generator version: 7.9.0

You can use Spotify's Web API to discover music and podcasts, manage your Spotify library, control audio playback, and much more. Browse our available Web API endpoints using the sidebar at left, or via the navigation bar on top of this page on smaller screens.

In order to make successful Web API requests your app will need a valid access token. One can be obtained through <a href=\"https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/general/guides/authorization-guide/\">OAuth 2.0</a>.

The base URI for all Web API requests is `https://api.spotify.com/v1`.

Need help? See our <a href=\"https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/guides/\">Web API guides</a> for more information, or visit the <a href=\"https://community.spotify.com/t5/Spotify-for-Developers/bd-p/Spotify_Developer\">Spotify for Developers community forum</a> to ask questions and connect with other developers.


  For more information, please visit [https://github.com/sonallux/spotify-web-api](https://github.com/sonallux/spotify-web-api)

*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIAlbumsApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
    QString create();
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIAlbumsApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

QString Example::create(){
    QString obj;
 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIAlbumsApi apiInstance;
     
      //OAuth Authentication supported right now

      QEventLoop loop;
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIAlbumsApi::checkUsersSavedAlbumsSignal, [&]() {
          loop.quit();
      });
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIAlbumsApi::checkUsersSavedAlbumsSignalE, [&](QNetworkReply::NetworkError, QString error_str) {
          qDebug() << "Error happened while issuing request : " << error_str;
          loop.quit();
      });

      QString ids = create(); // QString | 
      apiInstance.checkUsersSavedAlbums(ids);
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### oauth_2_0


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: accessCode
- **Authorization URL**: https://accounts.spotify.com/authorize
- **Scopes**: 
  - app-remote-control: Communicate with the Spotify app on your device. 
  - playlist-modify-private: Manage your private playlists. 
  - playlist-modify-public: Manage your public playlists. 
  - playlist-read-collaborative: Access your collaborative playlists. 
  - playlist-read-private: Access your private playlists. 
  - streaming: Play content and control playback on your other devices. 
  - ugc-image-upload: Upload images to Spotify on your behalf. 
  - user-follow-modify: Manage your saved content. 
  - user-follow-read: Access your followers and who you are following. 
  - user-library-modify: Manage your saved content. 
  - user-library-read: Access your saved content. 
  - user-modify-playback-state: Control playback on your Spotify clients and Spotify Connect devices. 
  - user-read-currently-playing: Read your currently playing content. 
  - user-read-email: Get your real email address. 
  - user-read-playback-position: Read your position in content you have played. 
  - user-read-playback-state: Read your currently playing content and Spotify Connect devices information. 
  - user-read-private: Access your subscription details. 
  - user-read-recently-played: Access your recently played items. 
  - user-top-read: Read your top artists and content. 


## Author




## License

 for more information visit []()