# veteran_confirmation

VeteranConfirmation - JavaScript client for veteran_confirmation
The Deprecated Veteran Confirmation API allows you to confirm Veteran status for a given person. This can be useful for offering Veterans discounts or other benefits.

The API will only return “Confirmed” or “Not Confirmed”.

## Quickstart Guide
### 1. Get Access Credentials
Get started by filling out the form on the [Apply for VA Lighthouse Developer Access](https://developer.va.gov/apply) page.

After submitting a request, you will receive your credentials for using the API in the Development environment, which allows you to try it out with mock data before moving to the Production environment.

### 2. Test the API
In the endpoint documentation below, we've provided a curl command builder for trying out the API before implementation with your app.
Use [Test User](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-api-clients/blob/master/test_accounts/confirmation_test_accounts.md) attributes to populate the request body.

### 3. Build your app
The base URI for the Veteran Confirmation API in the Sandbox environment is:

https://sandbox-api.va.gov/services/veteran_confirmation/v0

In this environment, use attributes from the list of [Test Users](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-api-clients/blob/master/test_accounts/confirmation_test_accounts.md). Only Test Users can return a `\"confirmed\"` response.

Check out some of our [sample apps](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-api-clients). Please visit our VA Lighthouse [Support portal](https://developer.va.gov/support) should you need further assistance.

### 4. Show us a demo and get access to the Production environment
After building your app, we ask that you give us a demo before we set you up with production credentials. Please see the [Path to Production](https://developer.va.gov/go-live) page for more details.

## Authorization
This API requires an API key in combination with identifiable information for the person being confirmed listed below. API requests are authorized through a symmetric API token provided in an HTTP header with name `apikey`. Including more information has a better chance of making a match and returning a Confirmed status.
### Required information:
* First Name
* Last Name
* Date of Birth
* Social Security Number

### Optional information:
* Middle Name
* Gender

## Reference
### Sandbox vs. Production Data
APIs accessed via the Sandbox environment are using the same underlying logic as VA’s production APIs; only the underlying data store is different.

### Master Veteran Index (MVI)
The Master Veteran Index confirms a user's identity. In Production, several factors are considered to confirm identity. These include: a user’s first name, last name, date of birth and Social Security number. The MVI is mocked in the Sandbox environment. In this environment, the only factor used to confirm identity is the Social Security number.

### Rate Limiting
We implemented basic rate limiting of 60 requests per minute. If you exceed this quota, your request will return a 429 status code. You may petition for increased rate limits by emailing and requests will be decided on a case by case basis.

### Raw Open API Spec
https://api.va.gov/services/veteran_confirmation/docs/v0/api

This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 0.0.1
- Package version: 0.0.1
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install veteran_confirmation --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your veteran_confirmation from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var VeteranConfirmation = require('veteran_confirmation');

var defaultClient = VeteranConfirmation.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure API key authorization: apikey
var apikey = defaultClient.authentications['apikey'];
apikey.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//apikey.apiKeyPrefix['apikey'] = "Token"

var api = new VeteranConfirmation.VeteranConfirmationStatusApi()
var veteranStatusRequest = new VeteranConfirmation.VeteranStatusRequest(); // {VeteranStatusRequest} 
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.getVeteranStatus(veteranStatusRequest, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://sandbox-api.va.gov/services/veteran_confirmation/v0*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*VeteranConfirmation.VeteranConfirmationStatusApi* | [**getVeteranStatus**](docs/VeteranConfirmationStatusApi.md#getVeteranStatus) | **POST** /status | Get confirmation about an individual&#39;s Veteran status according to the VA


## Documentation for Models

 - [VeteranConfirmation.APIError](docs/APIError.md)
 - [VeteranConfirmation.APIErrorErrorsInner](docs/APIErrorErrorsInner.md)
 - [VeteranConfirmation.AuthorizationError](docs/AuthorizationError.md)
 - [VeteranConfirmation.VeteranStatusConfirmation](docs/VeteranStatusConfirmation.md)
 - [VeteranConfirmation.VeteranStatusRequest](docs/VeteranStatusRequest.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### apikey


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: apikey
- **Location**: HTTP header

