# VertexAiApi.GoogleCloudAiplatformV1beta1PredictSchemata

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**instanceSchemaUri** | **String** | Immutable. Points to a YAML file stored on Google Cloud Storage describing the format of a single instance, which are used in PredictRequest.instances, ExplainRequest.instances and BatchPredictionJob.input_config. The schema is defined as an OpenAPI 3.0.2 [Schema Object](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/versions/3.0.2.md#schemaObject). AutoML Models always have this field populated by Vertex AI. Note: The URI given on output will be immutable and probably different, including the URI scheme, than the one given on input. The output URI will point to a location where the user only has a read access. | [optional] 
**parametersSchemaUri** | **String** | Immutable. Points to a YAML file stored on Google Cloud Storage describing the parameters of prediction and explanation via PredictRequest.parameters, ExplainRequest.parameters and BatchPredictionJob.model_parameters. The schema is defined as an OpenAPI 3.0.2 [Schema Object](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/versions/3.0.2.md#schemaObject). AutoML Models always have this field populated by Vertex AI, if no parameters are supported, then it is set to an empty string. Note: The URI given on output will be immutable and probably different, including the URI scheme, than the one given on input. The output URI will point to a location where the user only has a read access. | [optional] 
**predictionSchemaUri** | **String** | Immutable. Points to a YAML file stored on Google Cloud Storage describing the format of a single prediction produced by this Model, which are returned via PredictResponse.predictions, ExplainResponse.explanations, and BatchPredictionJob.output_config. The schema is defined as an OpenAPI 3.0.2 [Schema Object](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/versions/3.0.2.md#schemaObject). AutoML Models always have this field populated by Vertex AI. Note: The URI given on output will be immutable and probably different, including the URI scheme, than the one given on input. The output URI will point to a location where the user only has a read access. | [optional] 


