# org_hunter

OrgHunter - JavaScript client for org_hunter
Get the latest IRS data and most up to date charity information for your website or application
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install org_hunter --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your org_hunter from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var OrgHunter = require('org_hunter');

var defaultClient = OrgHunter.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure API key authorization: user_key
var user_key = defaultClient.authentications['user_key'];
user_key.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//user_key.apiKeyPrefix['user_key'] = "Token"

var api = new OrgHunter.CategoriesApi()
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully.');
  }
};
api.getCategories(callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://data.orghunter.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*OrgHunter.CategoriesApi* | [**getCategories**](docs/CategoriesApi.md#getCategories) | **POST** /v1/categories | Get categories!
*OrgHunter.CharityFinancialApi* | [**v1CharityfinancialPost**](docs/CharityFinancialApi.md#v1CharityfinancialPost) | **POST** /v1/charityfinancial | Get details!
*OrgHunter.CharityPremiumApi* | [**v1CharitypremiumPost**](docs/CharityPremiumApi.md#v1CharitypremiumPost) | **POST** /v1/charitypremium | Get details!
*OrgHunter.DetailsApi* | [**v1CharitybasicPost**](docs/DetailsApi.md#v1CharitybasicPost) | **POST** /v1/charitybasic | Get details!
*OrgHunter.GeoLocationApi* | [**v1CharitygeolocationPost**](docs/GeoLocationApi.md#v1CharitygeolocationPost) | **POST** /v1/charitygeolocation | Get details!
*OrgHunter.SummaryApi* | [**getSummary**](docs/SummaryApi.md#getSummary) | **POST** /v1/charitysearch | Get summary data!


## Documentation for Models



## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### user_key


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: user_key
- **Location**: URL query string

