# CampaignManager360Api.CreativeAsset

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**actionScript3** | **Boolean** | Whether ActionScript3 is enabled for the flash asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative type: FLASH_INPAGE. Applicable to DISPLAY when the primary asset type is not HTML_IMAGE. | [optional] 
**active** | **Boolean** | Whether the video or audio asset is active. This is a read-only field for VPAID_NON_LINEAR_VIDEO assets. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_AUDIO, INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**additionalSizes** | [**[Size]**](Size.md) | Additional sizes associated with this creative asset. HTML5 asset generated by compatible software such as GWD will be able to support more sizes this creative asset can render. | [optional] 
**alignment** | **String** | Possible alignments for an asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: RICH_MEDIA_DISPLAY_MULTI_FLOATING_INTERSTITIAL . | [optional] 
**artworkType** | **String** | Artwork type of rich media creative. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**assetIdentifier** | [**CreativeAssetId**](CreativeAssetId.md) |  | [optional] 
**audioBitRate** | **Number** | Audio stream bit rate in kbps. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_AUDIO, INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**audioSampleRate** | **Number** | Audio sample bit rate in hertz. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_AUDIO, INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**backupImageExit** | [**CreativeCustomEvent**](CreativeCustomEvent.md) |  | [optional] 
**bitRate** | **Number** | Detected bit-rate for audio or video asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_AUDIO, INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**childAssetType** | **String** | Rich media child asset type. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: all VPAID. | [optional] 
**collapsedSize** | [**Size**](Size.md) |  | [optional] 
**companionCreativeIds** | **[String]** | List of companion creatives assigned to an in-stream video creative asset. Acceptable values include IDs of existing flash and image creatives. Applicable to INSTREAM_VIDEO creative type with dynamicAssetSelection set to true. | [optional] 
**customStartTimeValue** | **Number** | Custom start time in seconds for making the asset visible. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. Value must be greater than or equal to 0. | [optional] 
**detectedFeatures** | **[String]** | List of feature dependencies for the creative asset that are detected by Campaign Manager. Feature dependencies are features that a browser must be able to support in order to render your HTML5 creative correctly. This is a read-only, auto-generated field. Applicable to the following creative types: HTML5_BANNER. Applicable to DISPLAY when the primary asset type is not HTML_IMAGE. | [optional] 
**displayType** | **String** | Type of rich media asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**duration** | **Number** | Duration in seconds for which an asset will be displayed. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_AUDIO, INSTREAM_VIDEO and VPAID_LINEAR_VIDEO. Value must be greater than or equal to 1. | [optional] 
**durationType** | **String** | Duration type for which an asset will be displayed. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**expandedDimension** | [**Size**](Size.md) |  | [optional] 
**fileSize** | **String** | File size associated with this creative asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to all but the following creative types: all REDIRECT and TRACKING_TEXT. | [optional] 
**flashVersion** | **Number** | Flash version of the asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: FLASH_INPAGE, all RICH_MEDIA, and all VPAID. Applicable to DISPLAY when the primary asset type is not HTML_IMAGE. | [optional] 
**frameRate** | **Number** | Video frame rate for video asset in frames per second. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**hideFlashObjects** | **Boolean** | Whether to hide Flash objects flag for an asset. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**hideSelectionBoxes** | **Boolean** | Whether to hide selection boxes flag for an asset. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**horizontallyLocked** | **Boolean** | Whether the asset is horizontally locked. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | Numeric ID of this creative asset. This is a required field and should not be modified. Applicable to all but the following creative types: all REDIRECT and TRACKING_TEXT. | [optional] 
**idDimensionValue** | [**DimensionValue**](DimensionValue.md) |  | [optional] 
**mediaDuration** | **Number** | Detected duration for audio or video asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_AUDIO, INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**mimeType** | **String** | Detected MIME type for audio or video asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_AUDIO, INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**offset** | [**OffsetPosition**](OffsetPosition.md) |  | [optional] 
**orientation** | **String** | Orientation of video asset. This is a read-only, auto-generated field. | [optional] 
**originalBackup** | **Boolean** | Whether the backup asset is original or changed by the user in Campaign Manager. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**politeLoad** | **Boolean** | Whether this asset is used as a polite load asset. | [optional] 
**position** | [**OffsetPosition**](OffsetPosition.md) |  | [optional] 
**positionLeftUnit** | **String** | Offset left unit for an asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**positionTopUnit** | **String** | Offset top unit for an asset. This is a read-only field if the asset displayType is ASSET_DISPLAY_TYPE_OVERLAY. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**progressiveServingUrl** | **String** | Progressive URL for video asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**pushdown** | **Boolean** | Whether the asset pushes down other content. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. Additionally, only applicable when the asset offsets are 0, the collapsedSize.width matches size.width, and the collapsedSize.height is less than size.height. | [optional] 
**pushdownDuration** | **Number** | Pushdown duration in seconds for an asset. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA.Additionally, only applicable when the asset pushdown field is true, the offsets are 0, the collapsedSize.width matches size.width, and the collapsedSize.height is less than size.height. Acceptable values are 0 to 9.99, inclusive. | [optional] 
**role** | **String** | Role of the asset in relation to creative. Applicable to all but the following creative types: all REDIRECT and TRACKING_TEXT. This is a required field. PRIMARY applies to DISPLAY, FLASH_INPAGE, HTML5_BANNER, IMAGE, DISPLAY_IMAGE_GALLERY, all RICH_MEDIA (which may contain multiple primary assets), and all VPAID creatives. BACKUP_IMAGE applies to FLASH_INPAGE, HTML5_BANNER, all RICH_MEDIA, and all VPAID creatives. Applicable to DISPLAY when the primary asset type is not HTML_IMAGE. ADDITIONAL_IMAGE and ADDITIONAL_FLASH apply to FLASH_INPAGE creatives. OTHER refers to assets from sources other than Campaign Manager, such as Studio uploaded assets, applicable to all RICH_MEDIA and all VPAID creatives. PARENT_VIDEO refers to videos uploaded by the user in Campaign Manager and is applicable to INSTREAM_VIDEO and VPAID_LINEAR_VIDEO creatives. TRANSCODED_VIDEO refers to videos transcoded by Campaign Manager from PARENT_VIDEO assets and is applicable to INSTREAM_VIDEO and VPAID_LINEAR_VIDEO creatives. ALTERNATE_VIDEO refers to the Campaign Manager representation of child asset videos from Studio, and is applicable to VPAID_LINEAR_VIDEO creatives. These cannot be added or removed within Campaign Manager. For VPAID_LINEAR_VIDEO creatives, PARENT_VIDEO, TRANSCODED_VIDEO and ALTERNATE_VIDEO assets that are marked active serve as backup in case the VPAID creative cannot be served. Only PARENT_VIDEO assets can be added or removed for an INSTREAM_VIDEO or VPAID_LINEAR_VIDEO creative. PARENT_AUDIO refers to audios uploaded by the user in Campaign Manager and is applicable to INSTREAM_AUDIO creatives. TRANSCODED_AUDIO refers to audios transcoded by Campaign Manager from PARENT_AUDIO assets and is applicable to INSTREAM_AUDIO creatives.  | [optional] 
**size** | [**Size**](Size.md) |  | [optional] 
**sslCompliant** | **Boolean** | Whether the asset is SSL-compliant. This is a read-only field. Applicable to all but the following creative types: all REDIRECT and TRACKING_TEXT. | [optional] 
**startTimeType** | **String** | Initial wait time type before making the asset visible. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**streamingServingUrl** | **String** | Streaming URL for video asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**transparency** | **Boolean** | Whether the asset is transparent. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. Additionally, only applicable to HTML5 assets. | [optional] 
**verticallyLocked** | **Boolean** | Whether the asset is vertically locked. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**windowMode** | **String** | Window mode options for flash assets. Applicable to the following creative types: FLASH_INPAGE, RICH_MEDIA_DISPLAY_EXPANDING, RICH_MEDIA_IM_EXPAND, RICH_MEDIA_DISPLAY_BANNER, and RICH_MEDIA_INPAGE_FLOATING. | [optional] 
**zIndex** | **Number** | zIndex value of an asset. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA.Additionally, only applicable to assets whose displayType is NOT one of the following types: ASSET_DISPLAY_TYPE_INPAGE or ASSET_DISPLAY_TYPE_OVERLAY. Acceptable values are -999999999 to 999999999, inclusive. | [optional] 
**zipFilename** | **String** | File name of zip file. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: HTML5_BANNER. | [optional] 
**zipFilesize** | **String** | Size of zip file. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: HTML5_BANNER. | [optional] 



## Enum: AlignmentEnum


* `TOP` (value: `"ALIGNMENT_TOP"`)

* `RIGHT` (value: `"ALIGNMENT_RIGHT"`)

* `BOTTOM` (value: `"ALIGNMENT_BOTTOM"`)

* `LEFT` (value: `"ALIGNMENT_LEFT"`)





## Enum: ArtworkTypeEnum


* `FLASH` (value: `"ARTWORK_TYPE_FLASH"`)

* `HTML5` (value: `"ARTWORK_TYPE_HTML5"`)

* `MIXED` (value: `"ARTWORK_TYPE_MIXED"`)

* `IMAGE` (value: `"ARTWORK_TYPE_IMAGE"`)





## Enum: ChildAssetTypeEnum


* `FLASH` (value: `"CHILD_ASSET_TYPE_FLASH"`)

* `VIDEO` (value: `"CHILD_ASSET_TYPE_VIDEO"`)

* `IMAGE` (value: `"CHILD_ASSET_TYPE_IMAGE"`)

* `DATA` (value: `"CHILD_ASSET_TYPE_DATA"`)





## Enum: [DetectedFeaturesEnum]


* `CSS_FONT_FACE` (value: `"CSS_FONT_FACE"`)

* `CSS_BACKGROUND_SIZE` (value: `"CSS_BACKGROUND_SIZE"`)

* `CSS_BORDER_IMAGE` (value: `"CSS_BORDER_IMAGE"`)

* `CSS_BORDER_RADIUS` (value: `"CSS_BORDER_RADIUS"`)

* `CSS_BOX_SHADOW` (value: `"CSS_BOX_SHADOW"`)

* `CSS_FLEX_BOX` (value: `"CSS_FLEX_BOX"`)

* `CSS_HSLA` (value: `"CSS_HSLA"`)

* `CSS_MULTIPLE_BGS` (value: `"CSS_MULTIPLE_BGS"`)

* `CSS_OPACITY` (value: `"CSS_OPACITY"`)

* `CSS_RGBA` (value: `"CSS_RGBA"`)

* `CSS_TEXT_SHADOW` (value: `"CSS_TEXT_SHADOW"`)

* `CSS_ANIMATIONS` (value: `"CSS_ANIMATIONS"`)

* `CSS_COLUMNS` (value: `"CSS_COLUMNS"`)

* `CSS_GENERATED_CONTENT` (value: `"CSS_GENERATED_CONTENT"`)

* `CSS_GRADIENTS` (value: `"CSS_GRADIENTS"`)

* `CSS_REFLECTIONS` (value: `"CSS_REFLECTIONS"`)

* `CSS_TRANSFORMS` (value: `"CSS_TRANSFORMS"`)

* `CSS_TRANSFORMS3D` (value: `"CSS_TRANSFORMS3D"`)

* `CSS_TRANSITIONS` (value: `"CSS_TRANSITIONS"`)

* `APPLICATION_CACHE` (value: `"APPLICATION_CACHE"`)

* `CANVAS` (value: `"CANVAS"`)

* `CANVAS_TEXT` (value: `"CANVAS_TEXT"`)

* `DRAG_AND_DROP` (value: `"DRAG_AND_DROP"`)

* `HASH_CHANGE` (value: `"HASH_CHANGE"`)

* `HISTORY` (value: `"HISTORY"`)

* `AUDIO` (value: `"AUDIO"`)

* `VIDEO` (value: `"VIDEO"`)

* `INDEXED_DB` (value: `"INDEXED_DB"`)

* `INPUT_ATTR_AUTOCOMPLETE` (value: `"INPUT_ATTR_AUTOCOMPLETE"`)

* `INPUT_ATTR_AUTOFOCUS` (value: `"INPUT_ATTR_AUTOFOCUS"`)

* `INPUT_ATTR_LIST` (value: `"INPUT_ATTR_LIST"`)

* `INPUT_ATTR_PLACEHOLDER` (value: `"INPUT_ATTR_PLACEHOLDER"`)

* `INPUT_ATTR_MAX` (value: `"INPUT_ATTR_MAX"`)

* `INPUT_ATTR_MIN` (value: `"INPUT_ATTR_MIN"`)

* `INPUT_ATTR_MULTIPLE` (value: `"INPUT_ATTR_MULTIPLE"`)

* `INPUT_ATTR_PATTERN` (value: `"INPUT_ATTR_PATTERN"`)

* `INPUT_ATTR_REQUIRED` (value: `"INPUT_ATTR_REQUIRED"`)

* `INPUT_ATTR_STEP` (value: `"INPUT_ATTR_STEP"`)

* `INPUT_TYPE_SEARCH` (value: `"INPUT_TYPE_SEARCH"`)

* `INPUT_TYPE_TEL` (value: `"INPUT_TYPE_TEL"`)

* `INPUT_TYPE_URL` (value: `"INPUT_TYPE_URL"`)

* `INPUT_TYPE_EMAIL` (value: `"INPUT_TYPE_EMAIL"`)

* `INPUT_TYPE_DATETIME` (value: `"INPUT_TYPE_DATETIME"`)

* `INPUT_TYPE_DATE` (value: `"INPUT_TYPE_DATE"`)

* `INPUT_TYPE_MONTH` (value: `"INPUT_TYPE_MONTH"`)

* `INPUT_TYPE_WEEK` (value: `"INPUT_TYPE_WEEK"`)

* `INPUT_TYPE_TIME` (value: `"INPUT_TYPE_TIME"`)

* `INPUT_TYPE_DATETIME_LOCAL` (value: `"INPUT_TYPE_DATETIME_LOCAL"`)

* `INPUT_TYPE_NUMBER` (value: `"INPUT_TYPE_NUMBER"`)

* `INPUT_TYPE_RANGE` (value: `"INPUT_TYPE_RANGE"`)

* `INPUT_TYPE_COLOR` (value: `"INPUT_TYPE_COLOR"`)

* `LOCAL_STORAGE` (value: `"LOCAL_STORAGE"`)

* `POST_MESSAGE` (value: `"POST_MESSAGE"`)

* `SESSION_STORAGE` (value: `"SESSION_STORAGE"`)

* `WEB_SOCKETS` (value: `"WEB_SOCKETS"`)

* `WEB_SQL_DATABASE` (value: `"WEB_SQL_DATABASE"`)

* `WEB_WORKERS` (value: `"WEB_WORKERS"`)

* `GEO_LOCATION` (value: `"GEO_LOCATION"`)

* `INLINE_SVG` (value: `"INLINE_SVG"`)

* `SMIL` (value: `"SMIL"`)

* `SVG_HREF` (value: `"SVG_HREF"`)

* `SVG_CLIP_PATHS` (value: `"SVG_CLIP_PATHS"`)

* `TOUCH` (value: `"TOUCH"`)

* `WEBGL` (value: `"WEBGL"`)

* `SVG_FILTERS` (value: `"SVG_FILTERS"`)

* `SVG_FE_IMAGE` (value: `"SVG_FE_IMAGE"`)





## Enum: DisplayTypeEnum


* `INPAGE` (value: `"ASSET_DISPLAY_TYPE_INPAGE"`)

* `FLOATING` (value: `"ASSET_DISPLAY_TYPE_FLOATING"`)

* `OVERLAY` (value: `"ASSET_DISPLAY_TYPE_OVERLAY"`)

* `EXPANDING` (value: `"ASSET_DISPLAY_TYPE_EXPANDING"`)

* `FLASH_IN_FLASH` (value: `"ASSET_DISPLAY_TYPE_FLASH_IN_FLASH"`)

* `FLASH_IN_FLASH_EXPANDING` (value: `"ASSET_DISPLAY_TYPE_FLASH_IN_FLASH_EXPANDING"`)

* `PEEL_DOWN` (value: `"ASSET_DISPLAY_TYPE_PEEL_DOWN"`)

* `VPAID_LINEAR` (value: `"ASSET_DISPLAY_TYPE_VPAID_LINEAR"`)

* `VPAID_NON_LINEAR` (value: `"ASSET_DISPLAY_TYPE_VPAID_NON_LINEAR"`)

* `BACKDROP` (value: `"ASSET_DISPLAY_TYPE_BACKDROP"`)





## Enum: DurationTypeEnum


* `AUTO` (value: `"ASSET_DURATION_TYPE_AUTO"`)

* `NONE` (value: `"ASSET_DURATION_TYPE_NONE"`)

* `CUSTOM` (value: `"ASSET_DURATION_TYPE_CUSTOM"`)





## Enum: OrientationEnum


* `LANDSCAPE` (value: `"LANDSCAPE"`)

* `PORTRAIT` (value: `"PORTRAIT"`)

* `SQUARE` (value: `"SQUARE"`)





## Enum: PositionLeftUnitEnum


* `PIXEL` (value: `"OFFSET_UNIT_PIXEL"`)

* `PERCENT` (value: `"OFFSET_UNIT_PERCENT"`)

* `PIXEL_FROM_CENTER` (value: `"OFFSET_UNIT_PIXEL_FROM_CENTER"`)





## Enum: PositionTopUnitEnum


* `PIXEL` (value: `"OFFSET_UNIT_PIXEL"`)

* `PERCENT` (value: `"OFFSET_UNIT_PERCENT"`)

* `PIXEL_FROM_CENTER` (value: `"OFFSET_UNIT_PIXEL_FROM_CENTER"`)





## Enum: RoleEnum


* `PRIMARY` (value: `"PRIMARY"`)

* `BACKUP_IMAGE` (value: `"BACKUP_IMAGE"`)

* `ADDITIONAL_IMAGE` (value: `"ADDITIONAL_IMAGE"`)

* `ADDITIONAL_FLASH` (value: `"ADDITIONAL_FLASH"`)

* `PARENT_VIDEO` (value: `"PARENT_VIDEO"`)

* `TRANSCODED_VIDEO` (value: `"TRANSCODED_VIDEO"`)

* `OTHER` (value: `"OTHER"`)

* `ALTERNATE_VIDEO` (value: `"ALTERNATE_VIDEO"`)

* `PARENT_AUDIO` (value: `"PARENT_AUDIO"`)

* `TRANSCODED_AUDIO` (value: `"TRANSCODED_AUDIO"`)





## Enum: StartTimeTypeEnum


* `NONE` (value: `"ASSET_START_TIME_TYPE_NONE"`)

* `CUSTOM` (value: `"ASSET_START_TIME_TYPE_CUSTOM"`)





## Enum: WindowModeEnum


* `OPAQUE` (value: `"OPAQUE"`)

* `WINDOW` (value: `"WINDOW"`)

* `TRANSPARENT` (value: `"TRANSPARENT"`)




