# openapi-java-client

BC Data Catalogue API
- API version: 3.0.1
  - Build date: 2024-10-12T12:31:14.957502-04:00[America/New_York]
  - Generator version: 7.9.0

This API provides live access to the BC Data Catalogue. Further documentation on the API is available from http://docs.ckan.org/en/latest/ Confirm the version of the API available from the catalogue by requesting https://catalogue.data.gov.bc.ca/api/3/action/status_show. 

Please note that you may experience issues when submitting requests to the delivery or test environment if using this [OpenAPI specification](https://github.com/bcgov/api-specs) in other API console viewers.

  For more information, please visit [http://data.gov.bc.ca/](http://data.gov.bc.ca/)

*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.8+
2. Maven (3.8.3+)/Gradle (7.2+)

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
  <artifactId>openapi-java-client</artifactId>
  <version>3.0.1</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
  repositories {
    mavenCentral()     // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to maven central.
    mavenLocal()       // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to the local maven repo.
  }

  dependencies {
     implementation "org.openapitools:openapi-java-client:3.0.1"
  }
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

* `target/openapi-java-client-3.0.1.jar`
* `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java

// Import classes:
import org.openapitools.client.ApiClient;
import org.openapitools.client.ApiException;
import org.openapitools.client.Configuration;
import org.openapitools.client.auth.*;
import org.openapitools.client.model.*;
import org.openapitools.client.api.ActionApi;

public class Example {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    ApiClient defaultClient = Configuration.getDefaultApiClient();
    defaultClient.setBasePath("https://catalogue.data.gov.bc.ca/api/3");
    
    // Configure API key authorization: internalApiKey
    ApiKeyAuth internalApiKey = (ApiKeyAuth) defaultClient.getAuthentication("internalApiKey");
    internalApiKey.setApiKey("YOUR API KEY");
    // Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
    //internalApiKey.setApiKeyPrefix("Token");

    // Configure OAuth2 access token for authorization: githubAccessCode
    OAuth githubAccessCode = (OAuth) defaultClient.getAuthentication("githubAccessCode");
    githubAccessCode.setAccessToken("YOUR ACCESS TOKEN");

    ActionApi apiInstance = new ActionApi(defaultClient);
    String id = "ministry-of-agriculture"; // String | The id or name of the organization
    try {
      apiInstance.actionOrganizationActivityListGet(id);
    } catch (ApiException e) {
      System.err.println("Exception when calling ActionApi#actionOrganizationActivityListGet");
      System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
      System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
      System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
      e.printStackTrace();
    }
  }
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://catalogue.data.gov.bc.ca/api/3*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationActivityListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationActivityListGet) | **GET** /action/organization_activity_list | Get the activity stream of an organization
*ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationActivityListHtmlGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationActivityListHtmlGet) | **GET** /action/organization_activity_list_html | Get the activity stream of an organization, HTML format
*ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationAutocompleteGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationAutocompleteGet) | **GET** /action/organization_autocomplete | Get names of organizations that match a query string
*ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationFollowerCountGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationFollowerCountGet) | **GET** /action/organization_follower_count | Get number of followers of an organization
*ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationFollowerListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationFollowerListGet) | **GET** /action/organization_follower_list | Get users following an organization
*ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationListForUserGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationListForUserGet) | **GET** /action/organization_list_for_user | Get organizations that a user has a given permission for
*ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationListGet) | **GET** /action/organization_list | Get names of all organizations
*ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationRevisionListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationRevisionListGet) | **GET** /action/organization_revision_list | Get organization revisions
*ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationShowGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationShowGet) | **GET** /action/organization_show | Get details of a specific organization
*ActionApi* | [**actionPackageActivityListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionPackageActivityListGet) | **GET** /action/package_activity_list | Get the activity stream of a package (dataset)
*ActionApi* | [**actionPackageActivityListHtmlGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionPackageActivityListHtmlGet) | **GET** /action/package_activity_list_html | Get the activity stream of a package (dataset), HTML format
*ActionApi* | [**actionPackageAutocompleteGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionPackageAutocompleteGet) | **GET** /action/package_autocomplete | Find packages (datasets) matching a query
*ActionApi* | [**actionPackageListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionPackageListGet) | **GET** /action/package_list | Get a list of all packages (datasets)
*ActionApi* | [**actionPackageRelationshipsListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionPackageRelationshipsListGet) | **GET** /action/package_relationships_list | Get package (dataset) relationships
*ActionApi* | [**actionPackageRevisionListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionPackageRevisionListGet) | **GET** /action/package_revision_list | Get list of revisions for a package (dataset)
*ActionApi* | [**actionPackageSearchGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionPackageSearchGet) | **GET** /action/package_search | Find packages (datasets) matching query terms
*ActionApi* | [**actionPackageShowGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionPackageShowGet) | **GET** /action/package_show | Get metadata about one specific package (dataset)
*ActionApi* | [**actionRelatedListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionRelatedListGet) | **GET** /action/related_list | Gets items related to a package (dataset)
*ActionApi* | [**actionResourceSearchGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionResourceSearchGet) | **GET** /action/resource_search | Find resources
*ActionApi* | [**actionResourceShowGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionResourceShowGet) | **GET** /action/resource_show | Get metadata for a specific resource
*ActionApi* | [**actionStatusShowGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionStatusShowGet) | **GET** /action/status_show | Get the site status
*ActionApi* | [**actionTagListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionTagListGet) | **GET** /action/tag_list | Get a list of tags


## Documentation for Models



<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
<a id="githubAccessCode"></a>
### githubAccessCode

- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: accessCode
- **Authorization URL**: https://github.com/login/oauth/authorize
- **Scopes**: 
  - admin:org: Fully manage organization, teams, and memberships.
  - admin:public_key: Fully manage public keys.
  - admin:repo_hook: Grants read, write, ping, and delete access to hooks in public or private repositories.
  - delete_repo: Grants access to delete adminable repositories.
  - gist: Grants write access to gists.
  - notifications: Grants read access to a user&#39;s notifications. repo also provides this access.
  - public_repo: Grants read/write access to code, commit statuses, and deployment statuses for public repositories and organizations.
  - read:org: Read-only access to organization, teams, and membership.
  - read:public_key: List and view details for public keys.
  - read:repo_hook: Grants read and ping access to hooks in public or private repositories.
  - repo: Grants read/write access to code, commit statuses, and deployment statuses for public and private repositories and organizations.
  - repo:status: Grants read/write access to public and private repository commit statuses. This scope is only necessary to grant other users or services access to private repository commit statuses without granting access to the code.
  - repo_deployment: Grants access to deployment statuses for public and private repositories. This scope is only necessary to grant other users or services access to deployment statuses, without granting access to the code.
  - user: Grants read/write access to profile info only. Note that this scope includes user:email and user:follow.
  - user:email: Grants read access to a user&#39;s email addresses.
  - user:follow: Grants access to follow or unfollow other users.
  - write:org: Publicize and unpublicize organization membership.
  - write:public_key: Create, list, and view details for public keys.
  - write:repo_hook: Grants read, write, and ping access to hooks in public or private repositories.

<a id="internalApiKey"></a>
### internalApiKey

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: ckan_api_key
- **Location**: HTTP header


## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author

data@gov.bc.ca

