# C++ Qt API client

# 

VA Facilities

- API version: 0.0.1
- Generator version: 7.9.0

## Background

The VA Facilities API version 0 (v0) provides information about VA facilities, including locations, addresses, phone numbers, hours of operation, and available services.

This API gives information about several types of VA facilities:
- Health facilities (vha)
- Benefits facilities (vba)
- Cemeteries (nca)
- Vet Centers (vc)

## Technical overview

For in-depth details on data sources for the Facilities API, [read our Facilities GitHub documentation](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/lighthouse-facilities#readme).

Health service and service availability data for v0 of this API are based on historical data.

- Historical data is returned for the previous 30 days.
- Data is based on both pending and completed appointments for a service at a given facility.


### Authentication and Authorization

VA Facilities is an open data API. Open data API requests are authorized through a symmetric API token that's provided in an HTTP header with the name 'apikey'.

### Test data

Test data for the sandbox environment is only for testing the API and is not guaranteed to be up-to-date. After testing this API in sandbox, you can start the process of moving to production.

### Facility ID formats

A facility ID has the format prefix_stationNumber. The prefix is nca, vc, vba, or vha. Cemeteries may be VA national cemeteries or non-national; non-national cemeteries have the station number prefixed with an s. There are no other constraints on the format. Some facility ID examples are:
- Health: `vha_402GA`
- Benefits: `vba_539GB`
- National cemetery: `nca_063`
- Non-national cemetery: `nca_s1082`
- Vet Center: `vc_0872MVC`


### Mobile facilities

The mobile health facilities move regularly within a region. If a facility comes back from this API with \"mobile\": \"true\", the latitude/longitude and address could be inaccurate. To get the exact current location, please call the mobile facility number listed.


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIFacilitiesApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
    QString create();
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIFacilitiesApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

QString Example::create(){
    QString obj;
 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIFacilitiesApi apiInstance;
     
      QEventLoop loop;
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIFacilitiesApi::getAllFacilitiesSignal, [&]() {
          loop.quit();
      });
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIFacilitiesApi::getAllFacilitiesSignalE, [&](QNetworkReply::NetworkError, QString error_str) {
          qDebug() << "Error happened while issuing request : " << error_str;
          loop.quit();
      });

      QString accept = create(); // QString | 
      apiInstance.getAllFacilities(accept);
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
Authentication schemes defined for the API:

## Author




## License

 for more information visit []()