# RestApiVersion2.Space

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**accessModeType** | **String** | The name of the access mode type of the space. | [optional] 
**creationTime** | **Number** | The space creation time. | [optional] 
**creatorId** | **String** | The ID of the space creator. | [optional] 
**defaultRole** | **String** | The name of the default role of a new participant. | [optional] 
**description** | **String** | The space description. | [optional] 
**largePictureBase64** | **String** | Base64 encoded image that can be set during the creation and the update of a space. | [optional] 
**largePictureContentType** | **String** | The content type of the image. | [optional] 
**largePictureId** | **String** | The file id of the large version of the picture. | [optional] 
**lastContentCreationTime** | **Number** | Time stamp when the last content (topic / reply) was created within this space. | [optional] 
**lastContentCreatorId** | **String** | User ID of the user which created the last content. | [optional] 
**modificationTime** | **Number** | The space modification time. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | The unique space name. | [optional] 
**numberOfExternalParticipants** | **Number** | Number of external participants in the space. | [optional] 
**numberOfParticipants** | **Number** | Number of participants in the space. | [optional] 
**numberOfPinnedTopics** | **Number** | Number of pinned topics in the space. | [optional] 
**numberOfReplies** | **Number** | Number of replies in the space. | [optional] 
**numberOfTopics** | **Number** | Number of topics in the space. | [optional] 
**ownerId** | **String** | The ID of the space owner. | [optional] 
**smallPictureBase64** | **String** | Base64 encoded image that can be set during the creation and the update of a space. | [optional] 
**smallPictureContentType** | **String** | The content type of the image. | [optional] 
**smallPictureId** | **String** | The file id of the small version of the picture. | [optional] 
**spaceId** | **String** | The unique space ID generated by the backend during the creation of the space. | [optional] 
**status** | **String** | The name of the status of the space. | [optional] 
**tags** | **[String]** | The list of space tags. | [optional] 
**tenantId** | **String** | The ID of the space tenant. | [optional] 
**type** | **String** | The name of the space type. | [optional] 


