# link_fish_api

LinkFishApi - JavaScript client for link_fish_api
API to easily extract data from websites.


# Base URL


All URLs referenced in the documentation have the following base:


```
https://api.link.fish
```


The REST API is only served over HTTPS. To ensure data privacy, unencrypted HTTP is not supported.


# Authentication
HTTP requests to the REST API are protected with [HTTP Basic authentication](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Basic_access_authentication). You will use the email address of your link.fish account as the username and your API access token as the password for HTTP Basic authentication.

If you do not have an account yet, go to [https://link.fish/api](https://link.fish/api) and create one first.

You will receive the API access token automatically via email after you signed up. To generate a new token and invalidate the current one log into your link.fish  account at [https://app.link.fish](https://app.link.fish) and go to: \"Plugins\" -> \"API Dashboard\"

There you can also see how many credits you used already.


# Errors
The API uses standard HTTP status codes to indicate the success or failure of the API call. The body of the response will be JSON in the following format:
```
{

  \"status\": {HTTP STATUS CODE}
  \"message\": \"{ERROR MESSAGE}\"
}
```
Like for example when the authorization is not provided or wrong:
```
{

  \"status\": 401
  \"message\": \"Unauthorized\"
}
```

# Request IDs

Each API request has an associated request identifier. You can find it in the response headers, under X-LF-Request-Id. In case you have problems please provide this identifier that we can help you as good and fast as possible.


Example:
```
X-LF-Request-Id: f7f0036f-5277-421a-b143-f7a151571d18
```


# Item format

The data is by default deeply nested. So if it should be checked if there is an offer with a price, the whole tree has to be checked. To make that simpler, it is also possible to return the data \"flat\". If selected it will flatten the tree by copying all the data to the main level under a property with the name of its type and link the data internally.

Information: We created a node module which allows converting between the two formats. It did not get open sourced yet. If you are in need, simply contact us via api@link.fish.


# Response Content Type
By default, all data gets returned as JSON. If the data should be returned as XML add the following header:

```
Accept: application/xml
```

# Credits

Depending on the request made a different amount of credits get charged. How many which request costs can be found on the [API pricing page](http://link.fish/api/#pricing). Additionally, does a  header named \"X-LF-Credits-Charged\" get added to each successful response with information about the credits.

Example:
```
X-LF-Credits-Charged: 1 # Credits used for current requests
X-LF-Credits-Subscription-Max: 1000 # Total credits available in subscription
X-LF-Credits-Subscription-Used: 512 # Credits still left in current month
```
You can check anytime how many credits you did use already by logging into your link.fish  account at [https://app.link.fish](https://app.link.fish) and checking under:  \"Plugins\" -> \"API Dashboard\"


If you have problems, questions or improvement advice please send us an email to api@link.fish

This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 2018-07-05
- Package version: 2018-07-05
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://link.fish/api](https://link.fish/api)

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install link_fish_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your link_fish_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var LinkFishApi = require('link_fish_api');

var defaultClient = LinkFishApi.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure HTTP basic authorization: basicAuth
var basicAuth = defaultClient.authentications['basicAuth'];
basicAuth.username = 'YOUR USERNAME'
basicAuth.password = 'YOUR PASSWORD'

var api = new LinkFishApi.RESTEndpointsApi()
var url = "url_example"; // {String} The URL of the website to query
var opts = {
  'returnUrls': false, // {Boolean} Returns app URLs instead of the identifiers
  'browserRender': false // {Boolean} If the page should be fully rendered with a browser to extract data. The request will then cost 5 credits instead of 1!
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.urlsAppsGet(url, opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.link.fish*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*LinkFishApi.RESTEndpointsApi* | [**urlsAppsGet**](docs/RESTEndpointsApi.md#urlsAppsGet) | **GET** /Urls/apps | Get mobile apps
*LinkFishApi.RESTEndpointsApi* | [**urlsBrowserDataGet**](docs/RESTEndpointsApi.md#urlsBrowserDataGet) | **GET** /Urls/browser-data | Extract data (browser)
*LinkFishApi.RESTEndpointsApi* | [**urlsBrowserScreenshotGet**](docs/RESTEndpointsApi.md#urlsBrowserScreenshotGet) | **GET** /Urls/browser-screenshot | Generate screenshot (browser)
*LinkFishApi.RESTEndpointsApi* | [**urlsDataGet**](docs/RESTEndpointsApi.md#urlsDataGet) | **GET** /Urls/data | Extract data
*LinkFishApi.RESTEndpointsApi* | [**urlsDataRawGet**](docs/RESTEndpointsApi.md#urlsDataRawGet) | **GET** /Urls/data-raw | Return data of JSON/XML
*LinkFishApi.RESTEndpointsApi* | [**urlsDataTabularGet**](docs/RESTEndpointsApi.md#urlsDataTabularGet) | **GET** /Urls/data-tabular | Return tabular data
*LinkFishApi.RESTEndpointsApi* | [**urlsGeoCoordinatesGet**](docs/RESTEndpointsApi.md#urlsGeoCoordinatesGet) | **GET** /Urls/geo-coordinates | Get geo coordinates
*LinkFishApi.RESTEndpointsApi* | [**urlsSocialMediaGet**](docs/RESTEndpointsApi.md#urlsSocialMediaGet) | **GET** /Urls/social-media | Get social media accounts


## Documentation for Models

 - [LinkFishApi.ApiResponsError](docs/ApiResponsError.md)
 - [LinkFishApi.Apps](docs/Apps.md)
 - [LinkFishApi.DataRaw](docs/DataRaw.md)
 - [LinkFishApi.DataTabular](docs/DataTabular.md)
 - [LinkFishApi.DataTabularData](docs/DataTabularData.md)
 - [LinkFishApi.GeoCoordinates](docs/GeoCoordinates.md)
 - [LinkFishApi.SocialMedia](docs/SocialMedia.md)
 - [LinkFishApi.Url](docs/Url.md)
 - [LinkFishApi.UrlAdditionalData](docs/UrlAdditionalData.md)
 - [LinkFishApi.UrlAdditionalDataLocality](docs/UrlAdditionalDataLocality.md)
 - [LinkFishApi.UrlBrowser](docs/UrlBrowser.md)
 - [LinkFishApi.UrlItemsInner](docs/UrlItemsInner.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### basicAuth

- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication

