# odn_api

OdnApi - JavaScript client for odn_api
The Socrata OpenDataNetwork (ODN) REST API exposes public data, often continuosly updated and enhanced, from many thousands of public
government and non profit agencies.

Much of this data originating from independent sources is fused together to create new, and often
powerful, entity level data. The API, in addition to search and autosuggest capabilities for finding datasets,
enables data based comparisons across geographical regions such as states, counties, metropolitan areas,
cities and zip codes using highly vetted data providers such as US Census, BEA, HUD and others. Comparison data
is preformatted for easy and efficient display on a chart, graph or interactive map.

The API also exposes data organized by narrative style questions a human might ask. The questions can
be rapidly found using an autosuggest style index, and then used to directly access all data needed to
thoroughly and authoritatively answer the question. Retrieved data includes time series (temporally aligned),
tabular, map heavy (includes spatial boundaries), and auto generated unstructured descriptive text.

The ODN API does not duplicate API endpoints or services provided by public sector agencies, but rather,
returns context relevant pre-populated REST URLs, when appropriate, so the caller can access data
directly from the source.

The [open source](http://github.com/socrata/odn-backend) API powers [OpenDataNetwork.com](http://OpenDataNetwork.com), an [open source](http://github.com/socrata/opendatanetwork.com)
site; the site highlights myriad uses and provides API badges with contextually relevant API example
REST endpoints and documentation pointers.

Finally, we continuously add new dat sources which appear automatically in the API, so if your favorite data
source is not available, check back soon. You can also join us [HERE](http://www.opendatanetwork.com/join-open-data-network)
and receive updates or let us know which data sources you are most interested in.

## App Tokens

Registering for and including a [Socrata application token](https://dev.socrata.com/docs/app-tokens.html)
is _required_ for the ODN API. They can be passed either using the `app_token` parameter
or the `X-App-Token` HTTP header.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install odn_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your odn_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var OdnApi = require('odn_api');


var api = new OdnApi.DefaultApi()
var variable = "demographics.population.count"; // {String} A single variable ID.
var entityId = "0400000US53,0400000US08"; // {String} A comma separated list of entity IDs. Entities must have the same type and represent geographical regions.
var opts = {
  'constraint': "constraint_example", // {String} Values must be specified for each constraint in the dataset. For example, to generate map data for `demographics.population.count`, you must specify a value for `year` by passing `year=2013`.
  'appToken': "cQovpGcdUT1CSzgYk0KPYdAI0", // {String} The [Socrata App Token](https://dev.socrata.com/docs/app-tokens.html) to be used with your request. The `app_token` parameter is required if an app token is not passed via the `X-App-Token` HTTP header. Clients must [register for their own app tokens](https://dev.socrata.com/docs/app-tokens.html).
  'xAppToken': "cQovpGcdUT1CSzgYk0KPYdAI0" // {String} e.g. cQovpGcdUT1CSzgYk0KPYdAI0
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully.');
  }
};
api.createAMap(variable, entityId, opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://api.opendatanetwork.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*OdnApi.DefaultApi* | [**createAMap**](docs/DefaultApi.md#createAMap) | **GET** /data/v1/map/new | Create a map
*OdnApi.DefaultApi* | [**findAllAvailableDataForSomeEntities**](docs/DefaultApi.md#findAllAvailableDataForSomeEntities) | **GET** /data/v1/availability/ | Find all available data for some entities
*OdnApi.DefaultApi* | [**findTheRelativesOfAnEntity**](docs/DefaultApi.md#findTheRelativesOfAnEntity) | **GET** /entity/v1/{relation} | Find the relatives of an entity
*OdnApi.DefaultApi* | [**getConstraintPermutationsForEntities**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getConstraintPermutationsForEntities) | **GET** /data/v1/constraint/{variable} | Get constraint permutations for entities
*OdnApi.DefaultApi* | [**getDatasets**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getDatasets) | **GET** /search/v1/dataset | Get datasets
*OdnApi.DefaultApi* | [**getEntities**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getEntities) | **GET** /entity/v1 | Get Entities
*OdnApi.DefaultApi* | [**getQuestions**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getQuestions) | **GET** /search/v1/question | Get questions
*OdnApi.DefaultApi* | [**getSuggestions**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getSuggestions) | **GET** /suggest/v1/{type} | Get suggestions
*OdnApi.DefaultApi* | [**getValuesForVariables**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getValuesForVariables) | **GET** /data/v1/values | Get values for variables


## Documentation for Models



## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

