# world_time_api

WorldTimeApi - JavaScript client for world_time_api
A simple API to get the current time based on a request with a timezone.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 20210108
- Package version: 20210108
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install world_time_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your world_time_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var WorldTimeApi = require('world_time_api');


var api = new WorldTimeApi.DefaultApi()
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.ipGet(callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://worldtimeapi.org/api*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*WorldTimeApi.DefaultApi* | [**ipGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ipGet) | **GET** /ip | request the current time based on the ip of the request. note: this is a \&quot;best guess\&quot; obtained from open-source data.
*WorldTimeApi.DefaultApi* | [**ipIpv4Get**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ipIpv4Get) | **GET** /ip/{ipv4} | request the current time based on the ip of the request. note: this is a \&quot;best guess\&quot; obtained from open-source data.
*WorldTimeApi.DefaultApi* | [**ipIpv4TxtGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ipIpv4TxtGet) | **GET** /ip/{ipv4}.txt | request the current time based on the ip of the request. note: this is a \&quot;best guess\&quot; obtained from open-source data.
*WorldTimeApi.DefaultApi* | [**ipTxtGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#ipTxtGet) | **GET** /ip.txt | request the current time based on the ip of the request. note: this is a \&quot;best guess\&quot; obtained from open-source data.
*WorldTimeApi.DefaultApi* | [**timezoneAreaGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#timezoneAreaGet) | **GET** /timezone/{area} | a listing of all timezones available for that area.
*WorldTimeApi.DefaultApi* | [**timezoneAreaLocationGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#timezoneAreaLocationGet) | **GET** /timezone/{area}/{location} | request the current time for a timezone.
*WorldTimeApi.DefaultApi* | [**timezoneAreaLocationRegionGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#timezoneAreaLocationRegionGet) | **GET** /timezone/{area}/{location}/{region} | request the current time for a timezone.
*WorldTimeApi.DefaultApi* | [**timezoneAreaLocationRegionTxtGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#timezoneAreaLocationRegionTxtGet) | **GET** /timezone/{area}/{location}/{region}.txt | request the current time for a timezone.
*WorldTimeApi.DefaultApi* | [**timezoneAreaLocationTxtGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#timezoneAreaLocationTxtGet) | **GET** /timezone/{area}/{location}.txt | request the current time for a timezone.
*WorldTimeApi.DefaultApi* | [**timezoneAreaTxtGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#timezoneAreaTxtGet) | **GET** /timezone/{area}.txt | a listing of all timezones available for that area.
*WorldTimeApi.DefaultApi* | [**timezoneGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#timezoneGet) | **GET** /timezone | a listing of all timezones.
*WorldTimeApi.DefaultApi* | [**timezoneTxtGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#timezoneTxtGet) | **GET** /timezone.txt | a listing of all timezones.


## Documentation for Models

 - [WorldTimeApi.DateTimeJsonResponse](docs/DateTimeJsonResponse.md)
 - [WorldTimeApi.ErrorJsonResponse](docs/ErrorJsonResponse.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

