# digi_locker_issuer_apis

DigiLockerIssuerApis - JavaScript client for digi_locker_issuer_apis
This document provides detailed specification of the Digital Locker Pull APIs. The Pull model of integration with Digital Locker enables a Digital Locker user to search a document/certificate from issuer repository and fetch (pull) it into Digital Locker. The issuer departments can use these APIs for the documents that are not Aadhaar seeded. The issuer organization integrating with Digital Locker maintains the documents/certificates in its own repository (database or file system). The issuer application provides APIs to Digital Locker to access the documents in this repository. Each issuer organization will have to implement 2 APIs to integrate with the Digital Locker system.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 3.0.0
- Package version: 3.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install digi_locker_issuer_apis --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your digi_locker_issuer_apis from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var DigiLockerIssuerApis = require('digi_locker_issuer_apis');


var api = new DigiLockerIssuerApis.APIsApi()
var opts = {
  'contentType': "contentType_example", // {String} application/xml
  'xDigilockerHmac': "xDigilockerHmac_example", // {String} This is used for authentication and to verify the integrity of the request. DigiLocker calculates the hash message authentication code (hmac) of the HTTP request body using SHA256 hashing algorithm and the API Key provided by the issuer as the hashing key. The API Key is specified by the issuer while configuring the Pull Doc API in DigiLocker Partner Portal. The resulting hmac is converted to Base64 format and sent in this parameter. It is strongly recommended that the issuer API calculates the hmac of the HTTP request body, convert it to Base64 and match it with this parameter to ensure authenticity of the request.
  'pullDocRequest': new DigiLockerIssuerApis.PullDocRequest() // {PullDocRequest} 
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.pullDoc(opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://Your API URL*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DigiLockerIssuerApis.APIsApi* | [**pullDoc**](docs/APIsApi.md#pullDoc) | **POST** /Your Pull DOC Request API Path | Pull Doc Request API.
*DigiLockerIssuerApis.APIsApi* | [**pullUri**](docs/APIsApi.md#pullUri) | **POST** /Your Pull URI Request API Path | Pull URI Request API .


## Documentation for Models

 - [DigiLockerIssuerApis.PullDocRequest](docs/PullDocRequest.md)
 - [DigiLockerIssuerApis.PullDocRequestDocDetails](docs/PullDocRequestDocDetails.md)
 - [DigiLockerIssuerApis.PullDocResponse](docs/PullDocResponse.md)
 - [DigiLockerIssuerApis.PullDocResponseDocDetails](docs/PullDocResponseDocDetails.md)
 - [DigiLockerIssuerApis.PullDocResponseResponseStatus](docs/PullDocResponseResponseStatus.md)
 - [DigiLockerIssuerApis.PullURIRequest](docs/PullURIRequest.md)
 - [DigiLockerIssuerApis.PullURIRequestDocDetails](docs/PullURIRequestDocDetails.md)
 - [DigiLockerIssuerApis.PullURIResponse](docs/PullURIResponse.md)
 - [DigiLockerIssuerApis.PullURIResponseDocDetails](docs/PullURIResponseDocDetails.md)
 - [DigiLockerIssuerApis.PullURIResponseResponseStatus](docs/PullURIResponseResponseStatus.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

