# bc_data_catalogue_api

BcDataCatalogueApi - JavaScript client for bc_data_catalogue_api
This API provides live access to the BC Data Catalogue. Further documentation on the API is available from http://docs.ckan.org/en/latest/ Confirm the version of the API available from the catalogue by requesting https://catalogue.data.gov.bc.ca/api/3/action/status_show. 

Please note that you may experience issues when submitting requests to the delivery or test environment if using this [OpenAPI specification](https://github.com/bcgov/api-specs) in other API console viewers.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 3.0.1
- Package version: 3.0.1
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [http://data.gov.bc.ca/](http://data.gov.bc.ca/)

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install bc_data_catalogue_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your bc_data_catalogue_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var BcDataCatalogueApi = require('bc_data_catalogue_api');

var defaultClient = BcDataCatalogueApi.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure API key authorization: internalApiKey
var internalApiKey = defaultClient.authentications['internalApiKey'];
internalApiKey.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//internalApiKey.apiKeyPrefix['ckan_api_key'] = "Token"
// Configure OAuth2 access token for authorization: githubAccessCode
var githubAccessCode = defaultClient.authentications['githubAccessCode'];
githubAccessCode.accessToken = "YOUR ACCESS TOKEN"

var api = new BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi()
var opts = {
  'id': "'ministry-of-agriculture'" // {String} The id or name of the organization
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully.');
  }
};
api.actionOrganizationActivityListGet(opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://catalogue.data.gov.bc.ca/api/3*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationActivityListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationActivityListGet) | **GET** /action/organization_activity_list | Get the activity stream of an organization
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationActivityListHtmlGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationActivityListHtmlGet) | **GET** /action/organization_activity_list_html | Get the activity stream of an organization, HTML format
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationAutocompleteGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationAutocompleteGet) | **GET** /action/organization_autocomplete | Get names of organizations that match a query string
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationFollowerCountGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationFollowerCountGet) | **GET** /action/organization_follower_count | Get number of followers of an organization
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationFollowerListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationFollowerListGet) | **GET** /action/organization_follower_list | Get users following an organization
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationListForUserGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationListForUserGet) | **GET** /action/organization_list_for_user | Get organizations that a user has a given permission for
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationListGet) | **GET** /action/organization_list | Get names of all organizations
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationRevisionListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationRevisionListGet) | **GET** /action/organization_revision_list | Get organization revisions
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionOrganizationShowGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionOrganizationShowGet) | **GET** /action/organization_show | Get details of a specific organization
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionPackageActivityListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionPackageActivityListGet) | **GET** /action/package_activity_list | Get the activity stream of a package (dataset)
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionPackageActivityListHtmlGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionPackageActivityListHtmlGet) | **GET** /action/package_activity_list_html | Get the activity stream of a package (dataset), HTML format
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionPackageAutocompleteGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionPackageAutocompleteGet) | **GET** /action/package_autocomplete | Find packages (datasets) matching a query
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionPackageListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionPackageListGet) | **GET** /action/package_list | Get a list of all packages (datasets)
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionPackageRelationshipsListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionPackageRelationshipsListGet) | **GET** /action/package_relationships_list | Get package (dataset) relationships
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionPackageRevisionListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionPackageRevisionListGet) | **GET** /action/package_revision_list | Get list of revisions for a package (dataset)
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionPackageSearchGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionPackageSearchGet) | **GET** /action/package_search | Find packages (datasets) matching query terms
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionPackageShowGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionPackageShowGet) | **GET** /action/package_show | Get metadata about one specific package (dataset)
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionRelatedListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionRelatedListGet) | **GET** /action/related_list | Gets items related to a package (dataset)
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionResourceSearchGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionResourceSearchGet) | **GET** /action/resource_search | Find resources
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionResourceShowGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionResourceShowGet) | **GET** /action/resource_show | Get metadata for a specific resource
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionStatusShowGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionStatusShowGet) | **GET** /action/status_show | Get the site status
*BcDataCatalogueApi.ActionApi* | [**actionTagListGet**](docs/ActionApi.md#actionTagListGet) | **GET** /action/tag_list | Get a list of tags


## Documentation for Models



## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### githubAccessCode


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: accessCode
- **Authorization URL**: https://github.com/login/oauth/authorize
- **Scopes**: 
  - admin:org: Fully manage organization, teams, and memberships.
  - admin:public_key: Fully manage public keys.
  - admin:repo_hook: Grants read, write, ping, and delete access to hooks in public or private repositories.
  - delete_repo: Grants access to delete adminable repositories.
  - gist: Grants write access to gists.
  - notifications: Grants read access to a user&#39;s notifications. repo also provides this access.
  - public_repo: Grants read/write access to code, commit statuses, and deployment statuses for public repositories and organizations.
  - read:org: Read-only access to organization, teams, and membership.
  - read:public_key: List and view details for public keys.
  - read:repo_hook: Grants read and ping access to hooks in public or private repositories.
  - repo: Grants read/write access to code, commit statuses, and deployment statuses for public and private repositories and organizations.
  - repo:status: Grants read/write access to public and private repository commit statuses. This scope is only necessary to grant other users or services access to private repository commit statuses without granting access to the code.
  - repo_deployment: Grants access to deployment statuses for public and private repositories. This scope is only necessary to grant other users or services access to deployment statuses, without granting access to the code.
  - user: Grants read/write access to profile info only. Note that this scope includes user:email and user:follow.
  - user:email: Grants read access to a user&#39;s email addresses.
  - user:follow: Grants access to follow or unfollow other users.
  - write:org: Publicize and unpublicize organization membership.
  - write:public_key: Create, list, and view details for public keys.
  - write:repo_hook: Grants read, write, and ping access to hooks in public or private repositories.

### internalApiKey


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: ckan_api_key
- **Location**: HTTP header

