# C++ Qt API client

# 

U.S. EPA Enforcement and Compliance History Online (ECHO) - Detailed Facility Report (DFR)

- API version: 0.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0

Enforcement and Compliance History Online (ECHO) is a tool developed and maintained by EPA's Office of Enforcement and Compliance Assurance for public use. ECHO provides integrated compliance and enforcement information for over 1 million regulated facilities nationwide.

DFR Rest Services provide multiple service endpoints, to retrieve detailed facility location, enforcement, compliance monitoring, and pollutant information for any single facility.  See the Detailed Facility Report (DFR) Help Page (https://echo.epa.gov/help/reports/detailed-facility-report-help) for additional information on the DFR.  Additionally, a Data Dictionary (https://echo.epa.gov/help/reports/dfr-data-dictionary) is also available. 
There is one primary service end point, get_dfr, that provides all available DFR data.  All other service end points that are exposed, will return data on a single section of the DFR.    
\\
Additional ECHO Resources:   <a href=\"https://echo.epa.gov/tools/web-services\">Web Services</a>, <a href=\"https://echo.epa.gov/resources/echo-data/about-the-data\">About ECHO's Data</a>, <a href=\"https://echo.epa.gov/tools/data-downloads\">Data Downloads</a>
 


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIDetailedFacilityReportApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIDetailedFacilityReportApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIDetailedFacilityReportApi apiInstance;
           apiInstance.dfrRestServicesAir3YrDownloadGet();
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
Authentication schemes defined for the API:

## Author




## License

This page was built with the Swagger API. for more information visit [This page was built with the Swagger API.](https://swagger.io)