# BatchService.JobReleaseTaskExecutionInformation

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**endTime** | **Date** | This property is set only if the task is in the Completed state. | [optional] 
**exitCode** | **Number** | This parameter is returned only if the task is in the completed state. The exit code for a process reflects the specific convention implemented by the application developer for that process. If you use the exit code value to make decisions in your code, be sure that you know the exit code convention used by the application process. Note that the exit code may also be generated by the compute node operating system, such as when a process is forcibly terminated. | [optional] 
**failureInfo** | [**TaskFailureInformation**](TaskFailureInformation.md) |  | [optional] 
**result** | [**TaskExecutionResult**](TaskExecutionResult.md) |  | [optional] 
**startTime** | **Date** | If the task has been restarted or retried, this is the most recent time at which the task started running. | 
**state** | **String** | Values are:   running - the task is currently running (including retrying).  completed - the task has exited, or the Batch service was unable to start the task due to task preparation errors (such as resource file download failures). | 
**taskRootDirectory** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**taskRootDirectoryUrl** | **String** |  | [optional] 



## Enum: StateEnum


* `running` (value: `"running"`)

* `completed` (value: `"completed"`)




