# va_forms

VaForms - JavaScript client for va_forms
Use the VA Forms API to search for VA forms, get the form's PDF link and metadata, and check for new versions.

Visit our VA Lighthouse [Contact Us page](https://developer.va.gov/support) for further assistance.

## Background
This API offers an efficient way to stay up-to-date with the latest VA forms and information. The forms information listed on VA.gov matches the information returned by this API.
- Search by form number, keyword, or title
- Get a link to the form in PDF format
- Get detailed form metadata including the number of pages, related forms, benefit categories, language, and more
- Retrieve the latest date of PDF changes and the SHA256 checksum
- Identify when a form is deleted by the VA

## Technical summary
The VA Forms API collects form data from the official VA Form Repository on a nightly basis.  The Index endpoint can return all available forms or, if an optional query parameter is passed, will return only forms that may relate to the query value. When a valid form name is passed to the Show endpoint, it will return a single form with additional metadata and full revision history. A JSON response is given with the PDF link (if published) and the corresponding form metadata.

### Authentication and authorization
The form information shared by this API is publicly available.  API requests are authorized through a symmetric API token, provided in an HTTP header with name apikey. [Get a sandbox API Key](https://developer.va.gov/apply).

### Testing in sandbox environment
Form data in the sandbox environment is for testing your API only, and is not guaranteed to be up-to-date. This API also has a reduced API rate limit. When you're ready to move to production, be sure to [request a production API key.](https://developer.va.gov/go-live)

### SHA256 revision history
Each form is checked nightly for recent file changes. A corresponding SHA256 checksum is calculated, which provides a record of when the PDF changed and the SHA256 hash that was calculated. This allows end users to know that they have the most recent version and can verify the integrity of a previously downloaded PDF.

### Valid PDF link
Additionally, during the nightly refresh process, the link to the form PDF is verified and the `valid_pdf` metadata is updated accordingly. If marked `true`, the link is valid and is a current form. If marked `false`, the link is either broken or the form has been removed.

### Deleted forms
If the `deleted_at` metadata is set, that means the VA has removed this form from the repository and it is no longer to be used.

This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 0.0.0
- Package version: 0.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install va_forms --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your va_forms from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var VaForms = require('va_forms');

var defaultClient = VaForms.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure API key authorization: apikey
var apikey = defaultClient.authentications['apikey'];
apikey.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//apikey.apiKeyPrefix['apikey'] = "Token"

var api = new VaForms.FormsApi()
var formName = "10-10EZ"; // {String} The VA form_name of the form being requested. The exact form name must be passed, including proper placement of prefixes and/or hyphens.
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.findFormByFormName(formName, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://sandbox-api.va.gov/services/va_forms/v0*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*VaForms.FormsApi* | [**findFormByFormName**](docs/FormsApi.md#findFormByFormName) | **GET** /forms/{form_name} | Find form by form name
*VaForms.FormsApi* | [**findForms**](docs/FormsApi.md#findForms) | **GET** /forms | Returns all VA Forms and their last revision date


## Documentation for Models

 - [VaForms.FindFormByFormName200Response](docs/FindFormByFormName200Response.md)
 - [VaForms.FindFormByFormName404Response](docs/FindFormByFormName404Response.md)
 - [VaForms.FindFormByFormName404ResponseErrorsInner](docs/FindFormByFormName404ResponseErrorsInner.md)
 - [VaForms.FindForms200Response](docs/FindForms200Response.md)
 - [VaForms.FindForms401Response](docs/FindForms401Response.md)
 - [VaForms.FindForms429Response](docs/FindForms429Response.md)
 - [VaForms.FormShow](docs/FormShow.md)
 - [VaForms.FormShowAttributes](docs/FormShowAttributes.md)
 - [VaForms.FormShowAttributesBenefitCategoriesInner](docs/FormShowAttributesBenefitCategoriesInner.md)
 - [VaForms.FormShowAttributesVersionsInner](docs/FormShowAttributesVersionsInner.md)
 - [VaForms.FormsIndex](docs/FormsIndex.md)
 - [VaForms.FormsIndexAttributes](docs/FormsIndexAttributes.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### apikey


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: apikey
- **Location**: HTTP header

