# C++ Qt API client

# 

SEDRA IV API

- API version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0

The SEDRA API is documented in **OpenAPI format** and uses [ReDoc](https://github.com/Rebilly/ReDoc) for documentation.
# Introduction
This document describes the JSON API for the Syriac Electronic Data Research Archive (SEDRA). The SEDRA project is a linguistic and literary database of Syriac language and literature focusing on providing electronic access to the corpus of Syriac lexicons with linguistic information added to each entry in those lexicons. The API is a mechanism to provide the linguistic information stored in SEDRA to a broader audience.
Additionally there is a XML API for Syriac words which conforms to a prototype Semitic Languages schema which can be found in the XSD file https://sedra.bethmardutho.org/api/semiticLanguages.xsd.
# Cross-Origin Resource Sharing
This API features Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) implemented in compliance with the [W3C spec](https://www.w3.org/TR/cors/) and allows cross-domain communication from the browser.
All responses have a wildcard same-origin which makes them completely public and accessible to everyone, including any code on any site.
# Samples
Explaining how to lookup words in the SEDRA API is complex and would clutter the API description. For that reason we have chosen to give the explanation of how to lookup words in its own section. SEDRA can lookup words by the SEDRA word Id. However, it will often be the case that the consumer of information provided by the SEDRA API does not know the SEDRA word Id. It is for that reason that the SEDRA API provides a method to lookup words by the Syriac text. But that process is complicated by the nature of Syriac writing. So the SEDRA API will lookup words for consonantal, partially vocalized, and fully vocalized Syriac text. Using the word Id will provide the most accurate results as the exact word will be returned. Fully vocalized text will provide the next most accurate result. The least accurate results will be returned by partially vocalized and consonantal Syriac words in that order. Following are some samples to help understand how this works.
1. By Word Id [30862](https://sedra.bethmardutho.org/api/word/30862.json)
2. By fully vocalized Syriac word [ܐܰܒܳܪܳܐ](https://sedra.bethmardutho.org/api/word/ܐܰܒܳܪܳܐ.json)
3. By partially vocalized Syriac word [ܐܶܒܪܐ](https://sedra.bethmardutho.org/api/word/ܐܶܒܪܐ.json)
4. By consonantal Syriac word [ܐܒܪܐ](https://sedra.bethmardutho.org/api/word/ܐܒܪܐ.json).


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIAPIApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
    QString create();
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIAPIApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

QString Example::create(){
    QString obj;
 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIAPIApi apiInstance;
     
      QEventLoop loop;
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIAPIApi::lexemeIdGetSignal, [&]() {
          loop.quit();
      });
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIAPIApi::lexemeIdGetSignalE, [&](QNetworkReply::NetworkError, QString error_str) {
          qDebug() << "Error happened while issuing request : " << error_str;
          loop.quit();
      });

      QString id = create(); // QString | The Id of a lexeme from the Sedra database.
      apiInstance.lexemeIdGet(id);
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
Authentication schemes defined for the API:

## Author

sedra@bethmardutho.org


## License

Apache 2.0 for more information visit [Apache 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)