# AwsResourceAccessManager.CreatePermissionVersionRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**permissionArn** | **String** | Specifies the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/aws-arns-and-namespaces.html\&quot;&gt;Amazon Resource Name (ARN)&lt;/a&gt; of the customer managed permission you&#39;re creating a new version for. | 
**policyTemplate** | **String** | &lt;p&gt;A string in JSON format string that contains the following elements of a resource-based policy:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;p&gt; &lt;b&gt;Effect&lt;/b&gt;: must be set to &lt;code&gt;ALLOW&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;p&gt; &lt;b&gt;Action&lt;/b&gt;: specifies the actions that are allowed by this customer managed permission. The list must contain only actions that are supported by the specified resource type. For a list of all actions supported by each resource type, see &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://docs.aws.amazon.com/service-authorization/latest/reference/reference_policies_actions-resources-contextkeys.html\&quot;&gt;Actions, resources, and condition keys for Amazon Web Services services&lt;/a&gt; in the &lt;i&gt;Identity and Access Management User Guide&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;p&gt; &lt;b&gt;Condition&lt;/b&gt;: (optional) specifies conditional parameters that must evaluate to true when a user attempts an action for that action to be allowed. For more information about the Condition element, see &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/reference_policies_elements_condition.html\&quot;&gt;IAM policies: Condition element&lt;/a&gt; in the &lt;i&gt;Identity and Access Management User Guide&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;This template can&#39;t include either the &lt;code&gt;Resource&lt;/code&gt; or &lt;code&gt;Principal&lt;/code&gt; elements. Those are both filled in by RAM when it instantiates the resource-based policy on each resource shared using this managed permission. The &lt;code&gt;Resource&lt;/code&gt; comes from the ARN of the specific resource that you are sharing. The &lt;code&gt;Principal&lt;/code&gt; comes from the list of identities added to the resource share.&lt;/p&gt; | 
**clientToken** | **String** | &lt;p&gt;Specifies a unique, case-sensitive identifier that you provide to ensure the idempotency of the request. This lets you safely retry the request without accidentally performing the same operation a second time. Passing the same value to a later call to an operation requires that you also pass the same value for all other parameters. We recommend that you use a &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Universally_unique_identifier\&quot;&gt;UUID type of value.&lt;/a&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;If you don&#39;t provide this value, then Amazon Web Services generates a random one for you.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;If you retry the operation with the same &lt;code&gt;ClientToken&lt;/code&gt;, but with different parameters, the retry fails with an &lt;code&gt;IdempotentParameterMismatch&lt;/code&gt; error.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional] 


