# treaties_api

TreatiesApi - JavaScript client for treaties_api
An API exposing details of the treaties laid before Parliament.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: v1
- Package version: v1
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://www.parliament.uk/](https://www.parliament.uk/)

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install treaties_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your treaties_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var TreatiesApi = require('treaties_api');


var api = new TreatiesApi.BusinessItemApi()
var id = "id_example"; // {String} Business item with the ID specified
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.getBusinessItemById(id, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*TreatiesApi.BusinessItemApi* | [**getBusinessItemById**](docs/BusinessItemApi.md#getBusinessItemById) | **GET** /api/BusinessItem/{id} | Returns business item by ID.
*TreatiesApi.GovernmentOrganisationApi* | [**getOrganisations**](docs/GovernmentOrganisationApi.md#getOrganisations) | **GET** /api/GovernmentOrganisation | Returns all government organisations.
*TreatiesApi.SeriesMembershipApi* | [**getSeriesMemberships**](docs/SeriesMembershipApi.md#getSeriesMemberships) | **GET** /api/SeriesMembership | Returns all series memberships.
*TreatiesApi.TreatyApi* | [**getBusinessItemsByTreatyId**](docs/TreatyApi.md#getBusinessItemsByTreatyId) | **GET** /api/Treaty/{id}/BusinessItems | Returns business items belonging to the treaty with ID.
*TreatiesApi.TreatyApi* | [**getTreaties**](docs/TreatyApi.md#getTreaties) | **GET** /api/Treaty | Returns a list of treaties.
*TreatiesApi.TreatyApi* | [**getTreatyById**](docs/TreatyApi.md#getTreatyById) | **GET** /api/Treaty/{id} | Returns a treaty by ID.


## Documentation for Models

 - [TreatiesApi.BusinessItem](docs/BusinessItem.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.BusinessItemHouse](docs/BusinessItemHouse.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.BusinessItemResource](docs/BusinessItemResource.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.BusinessItemResourceCollection](docs/BusinessItemResourceCollection.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.Department](docs/Department.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.GovernmentOrganisation](docs/GovernmentOrganisation.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.GovernmentOrganisationResource](docs/GovernmentOrganisationResource.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.GovernmentOrganisationResourceCollection](docs/GovernmentOrganisationResourceCollection.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.House](docs/House.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.Link](docs/Link.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.ParliamentaryConclusion](docs/ParliamentaryConclusion.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.ParliamentaryProcess](docs/ParliamentaryProcess.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.SeriesMembership](docs/SeriesMembership.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.SeriesMembershipResource](docs/SeriesMembershipResource.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.SeriesMembershipResourceCollection](docs/SeriesMembershipResourceCollection.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.SeriesMembershipType](docs/SeriesMembershipType.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.Treaty](docs/Treaty.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.TreatyResource](docs/TreatyResource.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.TreatyResourceCollection](docs/TreatyResourceCollection.md)
 - [TreatiesApi.TreatySeriesMembership](docs/TreatySeriesMembership.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

