# rawg_video_games_database_api

RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi - JavaScript client for rawg_video_games_database_api

The largest open video games database.

### Why build on RAWG
- More than 350,000 games for 50 platforms including mobiles.
- Rich metadata: tags, genres, developers, publishers, individual creators, official websites, release dates,
Metacritic ratings.
- Where to buy: links to digital distribution services
- Similar games based on visual similarity.
- Player activity data: Steam average playtime and RAWG player counts and ratings.
- Actively developing and constantly getting better by user contribution and our algorithms.

### Terms of Use
- Free for personal use as long as you attribute RAWG as the source of the data and/or images and add an active
hyperlink from every page where the data of RAWG is used.
- Free for commercial use for startups and hobby projects with not more than 100,000 monthly active users or 500,000
page views per month. If your project is larger than that, email us at [api@rawg.io](mailto:api@rawg.io) for
commercial terms.
- No cloning. It would not be cool if you used our API to launch a clone of RAWG. We know it is not always easy
to say what is a duplicate and what isn't. Drop us a line at [api@rawg.io](mailto:api@rawg.io) if you are in doubt,
and we will talk it through.
- You must include an API key with every request. The key can be obtained at https://rawg.io/apidocs.
If you don’t provide it, we may ban your requests.

__[Read more](https://rawg.io/apidocs)__.

This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: v1.0
- Package version: v1.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install rawg_video_games_database_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your rawg_video_games_database_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi = require('rawg_video_games_database_api');


var api = new RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.CreatorRolesApi()
var opts = {
  'page': 56, // {Number} A page number within the paginated result set.
  'pageSize': 56 // {Number} Number of results to return per page.
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.creatorRolesList(opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.rawg.io/api*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.CreatorRolesApi* | [**creatorRolesList**](docs/CreatorRolesApi.md#creatorRolesList) | **GET** /creator-roles | Get a list of creator positions (jobs).
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.CreatorsApi* | [**creatorsList**](docs/CreatorsApi.md#creatorsList) | **GET** /creators | Get a list of game creators.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.CreatorsApi* | [**creatorsRead**](docs/CreatorsApi.md#creatorsRead) | **GET** /creators/{id} | Get details of the creator.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.DevelopersApi* | [**developersList**](docs/DevelopersApi.md#developersList) | **GET** /developers | Get a list of game developers.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.DevelopersApi* | [**developersRead**](docs/DevelopersApi.md#developersRead) | **GET** /developers/{id} | Get details of the developer.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesApi* | [**gamesAchievementsRead**](docs/GamesApi.md#gamesAchievementsRead) | **GET** /games/{id}/achievements | Get a list of game achievements.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesApi* | [**gamesAdditionsList**](docs/GamesApi.md#gamesAdditionsList) | **GET** /games/{game_pk}/additions | Get a list of DLC&#39;s for the game, GOTY and other editions, companion apps, etc.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesApi* | [**gamesDevelopmentTeamList**](docs/GamesApi.md#gamesDevelopmentTeamList) | **GET** /games/{game_pk}/development-team | Get a list of individual creators that were part of the development team.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesApi* | [**gamesGameSeriesList**](docs/GamesApi.md#gamesGameSeriesList) | **GET** /games/{game_pk}/game-series | Get a list of games that are part of the same series.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesApi* | [**gamesList**](docs/GamesApi.md#gamesList) | **GET** /games | Get a list of games.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesApi* | [**gamesMoviesRead**](docs/GamesApi.md#gamesMoviesRead) | **GET** /games/{id}/movies | Get a list of game trailers.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesApi* | [**gamesParentGamesList**](docs/GamesApi.md#gamesParentGamesList) | **GET** /games/{game_pk}/parent-games | Get a list of parent games for DLC&#39;s and editions.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesApi* | [**gamesRead**](docs/GamesApi.md#gamesRead) | **GET** /games/{id} | Get details of the game.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesApi* | [**gamesRedditRead**](docs/GamesApi.md#gamesRedditRead) | **GET** /games/{id}/reddit | Get a list of most recent posts from the game&#39;s subreddit.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesApi* | [**gamesScreenshotsList**](docs/GamesApi.md#gamesScreenshotsList) | **GET** /games/{game_pk}/screenshots | Get screenshots for the game.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesApi* | [**gamesStoresList**](docs/GamesApi.md#gamesStoresList) | **GET** /games/{game_pk}/stores | Get links to the stores that sell the game.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesApi* | [**gamesSuggestedRead**](docs/GamesApi.md#gamesSuggestedRead) | **GET** /games/{id}/suggested | Get a list of visually similar games, available only for business and enterprise API users.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesApi* | [**gamesTwitchRead**](docs/GamesApi.md#gamesTwitchRead) | **GET** /games/{id}/twitch | Get streams on Twitch associated with the game, available only for business and enterprise API users.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesApi* | [**gamesYoutubeRead**](docs/GamesApi.md#gamesYoutubeRead) | **GET** /games/{id}/youtube | Get videos from YouTube associated with the game, available only for business and enterprise API users.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GenresApi* | [**genresList**](docs/GenresApi.md#genresList) | **GET** /genres | Get a list of video game genres.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GenresApi* | [**genresRead**](docs/GenresApi.md#genresRead) | **GET** /genres/{id} | Get details of the genre.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.PlatformsApi* | [**platformsList**](docs/PlatformsApi.md#platformsList) | **GET** /platforms | Get a list of video game platforms.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.PlatformsApi* | [**platformsListsParentsList**](docs/PlatformsApi.md#platformsListsParentsList) | **GET** /platforms/lists/parents | Get a list of parent platforms.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.PlatformsApi* | [**platformsRead**](docs/PlatformsApi.md#platformsRead) | **GET** /platforms/{id} | Get details of the platform.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.PublishersApi* | [**publishersList**](docs/PublishersApi.md#publishersList) | **GET** /publishers | Get a list of video game publishers.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.PublishersApi* | [**publishersRead**](docs/PublishersApi.md#publishersRead) | **GET** /publishers/{id} | Get details of the publisher.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.StoresApi* | [**storesList**](docs/StoresApi.md#storesList) | **GET** /stores | Get a list of video game storefronts.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.StoresApi* | [**storesRead**](docs/StoresApi.md#storesRead) | **GET** /stores/{id} | Get details of the store.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.TagsApi* | [**tagsList**](docs/TagsApi.md#tagsList) | **GET** /tags | Get a list of tags.
*RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.TagsApi* | [**tagsRead**](docs/TagsApi.md#tagsRead) | **GET** /tags/{id} | Get details of the tag.


## Documentation for Models

 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.CreatorRolesList200Response](docs/CreatorRolesList200Response.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.CreatorsList200Response](docs/CreatorsList200Response.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.Developer](docs/Developer.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.DeveloperSingle](docs/DeveloperSingle.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.DevelopersList200Response](docs/DevelopersList200Response.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.Game](docs/Game.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GameEsrbRating](docs/GameEsrbRating.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamePersonList](docs/GamePersonList.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamePlatformMetacritic](docs/GamePlatformMetacritic.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamePlatformsInner](docs/GamePlatformsInner.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamePlatformsInnerPlatform](docs/GamePlatformsInnerPlatform.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamePlatformsInnerRequirements](docs/GamePlatformsInnerRequirements.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GameSingle](docs/GameSingle.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GameStoreFull](docs/GameStoreFull.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesDevelopmentTeamList200Response](docs/GamesDevelopmentTeamList200Response.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesList200Response](docs/GamesList200Response.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesScreenshotsList200Response](docs/GamesScreenshotsList200Response.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GamesStoresList200Response](docs/GamesStoresList200Response.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.Genre](docs/Genre.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GenreSingle](docs/GenreSingle.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.GenresList200Response](docs/GenresList200Response.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.Movie](docs/Movie.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.ParentAchievement](docs/ParentAchievement.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.Person](docs/Person.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.PersonSingle](docs/PersonSingle.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.Platform](docs/Platform.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.PlatformParentSingle](docs/PlatformParentSingle.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.PlatformSingle](docs/PlatformSingle.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.PlatformsList200Response](docs/PlatformsList200Response.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.PlatformsListsParentsList200Response](docs/PlatformsListsParentsList200Response.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.Position](docs/Position.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.Publisher](docs/Publisher.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.PublisherSingle](docs/PublisherSingle.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.PublishersList200Response](docs/PublishersList200Response.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.Reddit](docs/Reddit.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.ScreenShot](docs/ScreenShot.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.Store](docs/Store.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.StoreSingle](docs/StoreSingle.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.StoresList200Response](docs/StoresList200Response.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.Tag](docs/Tag.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.TagSingle](docs/TagSingle.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.TagsList200Response](docs/TagsList200Response.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.Twitch](docs/Twitch.md)
 - [RawgVideoGamesDatabaseApi.Youtube](docs/Youtube.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

