# C++ Qt API client

# 

IBM Containers API

- API version: 3.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0

Containers are virtual software objects that include all the elements that an app needs to run. A container has the benefits of resource isolation and allocation but is more portable and efficient than, for example, a virtual machine.

 This documentation describes the IBM Containers API, which is based on the Docker Remote API. The API provides endpoints that you can use to create and manage your single containers and container groups in Bluemix. Endpoints are summarized under the following tags: 

- **Authentication**: Retrieve and refresh your TLS certificates. 
- **Private Docker images registry**: Create your own private Docker images registry in Bluemix by setting a namespace for your organization. 
- **Images**: View, build, and push your images to your private Bluemix registry so you can use them with IBM Containers. You can also scan your container images with the Vulnerability Advisor against standard policies set by the organization manager and a database of known Ubuntu issues. 
- **Single Containers**: Create and manage single containers in Bluemix. Use a single container to implement short-lived processes or to run simple tests as you develop an app or service. To make your single container available from the internet, review the `Public IP addresses` endpoints. 
- **Container Groups**: Create and manage your container groups in Bluemix. A container group consists of multiple single containers that are all created from the same container image and as a consequence are configured in the same way. Container groups offer further options at no cost to make your app highly available. These options include in-built load balancing, auto-recovery of unhealthy container instances, and auto-scaling of container instances based on CPU and memory usage. Map a public route to your container group to make your app accessible from the internet.  
- **Public IP addresses**: Use these endpoints to request public IP addresses for your space. You can bind this IP address to your container to make your container accessible from the internet. 
- **File shares**: Create, list and delete file shares in a space. A file share is a NFS storage system that hosts Docker volumes.  
- **Volumes**: Create and manage container volumes in your space to persist the data of your containers.  


 Each API request requires an HTTP header that includes the 'X-Auth-Token’ and 'X-Auth-Project-Id’ parameter. 

- **X-Auth-Token**: The JSON web token (JWT) that you receive when logging into the Bluemix platform. It allows you to use the IBM Containers REST API, access services, and resources. Run `cf oauth-token` to retrieve your access token information.
- **X-Auth-Project-Id**: The unique ID of your organization space where you want to create or work with your containers. Run `cf space <space_name> --guid`, where `<space_name>` is the name of your space, to retrieve your space ID.


 For further information about how containers work in the IBM Containers service, review the documentation under https://new-console.ng.bluemix.net/docs/containers/container_index.html. 


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIAPIInfoApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
    QString create();
    QString create();
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIAPIInfoApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

QString Example::create(){
    QString obj;
QString Example::create(){
    QString obj;
 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIAPIInfoApi apiInstance;
     
      QEventLoop loop;
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIAPIInfoApi::containersMessagesGetSignal, [&]() {
          loop.quit();
      });
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIAPIInfoApi::containersMessagesGetSignalE, [&](QNetworkReply::NetworkError, QString error_str) {
          qDebug() << "Error happened while issuing request : " << error_str;
          loop.quit();
      });

      QString x_auth_token = create(); // QString | The Bluemix JSON web token that you receive when logging into Bluemix. Run `cf oauth-token` to retrieve your access token.

      QEventLoop loop;
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIAPIInfoApi::containersMessagesGetSignal, [&]() {
          loop.quit();
      });
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIAPIInfoApi::containersMessagesGetSignalE, [&](QNetworkReply::NetworkError, QString error_str) {
          qDebug() << "Error happened while issuing request : " << error_str;
          loop.quit();
      });

      QString x_auth_project_id = create(); // QString | The unique ID of your organization space where you want to create or work with your containers. To retrieve your space ID, run `cf space <space_name> --guid` and replace `<space_name>` with the name of the space where you want to create or work with your container. 
      apiInstance.containersMessagesGet(x_auth_tokenx_auth_project_id);
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
Authentication schemes defined for the API:

## Author




## License

(C) Copyright IBM Corp. 2016 All Rights Reserved. for more information visit [(C) Copyright IBM Corp. 2016 All Rights Reserved.]()