# C++ Qt API client

# 

Voodoo Manufacturing 3D Print API

- API version: 2.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0

Welcome to the Voodoo Manufacturing API docs!

Your Voodoo Manufacturing API key must be included with each request to the API. The API will look for the key in the \"api_key\" header of the request. <a href=\"https://voodoomfg.com/3d-print-api#get-access\" target=\"_blank\">You can request a key here.</a>

This API provides a programmatic interface for submitting printing orders to Voodoo Manufacturing. The general process for creating an order is as follows:
  - Get a list of the available materials with the /materials endpoint
  - Upload models to the API with the /models endpoint
  - Get quotes for shipping methods with the /order/shipping endpoint
  - Get a quote for an order with the /order/create endpoint
  - Confirm the order with the /order/confirm endpoint

Uploaded models and orders can be retrieved either in bulk or by id at the /model and /order endpoints, respectively.

In some cases, you may wish to get a quote for a specific model without the context of an order. In this case, you may use the /model/quote (if you've already uploaded the model to the API) or the /model/quote_attrs (lets you quote based on calculated model attributes) endpoints.



*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIMaterialsApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIMaterialsApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIMaterialsApi apiInstance;
     
      // Configure API key authorization: Voodoo Manufacturing API Key
      apiInstance.setApiKey("YOUR API KEY NAME","YOUR API KEY");
      apiInstance.materialsGet();
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### Voodoo Manufacturing API Key


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: api_key
- **Location**: HTTP header


## Author

support@voodoomfg.com


## License

 for more information visit []()