# aws_arc_zonal_shift

AwsArcZonalShift - JavaScript client for aws_arc_zonal_shift
<p>This is the API Reference Guide for the zonal shift feature of Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller. This guide is for developers who need detailed information about zonal shift API actions, data types, and errors.</p> <p>Zonal shift is in preview release for Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller and is subject to change.</p> <p>Zonal shift in Route 53 ARC enables you to move traffic for a load balancer resource away from an Availability Zone. Starting a zonal shift helps your application recover immediately, for example, from a developer's bad code deployment or from an AWS infrastructure failure in a single Availability Zone, reducing the impact and time lost from an issue in one zone. </p> <p>Supported AWS resources are automatically registered with Route 53 ARC. Resources that are registered for zonal shifts in Route 53 ARC are managed resources in Route 53 ARC. You can start a zonal shift for any managed resource in your account in a Region. At this time, you can only start a zonal shift for Network Load Balancers and Application Load Balancers with cross-zone load balancing turned off.</p> <p>Zonal shifts are temporary. You must specify an expiration when you start a zonal shift, of up to three days initially. If you want to still keep traffic away from an Availability Zone, you can update the zonal shift and set a new expiration. You can also cancel a zonal shift, before it expires, for example, if you're ready to restore traffic to the Availability Zone.</p> <p>For more information about using zonal shift, see the <a href=\"https://docs.aws.amazon.com/r53recovery/latest/dg/what-is-route53-recovery.html\">Amazon Route 53 Application Recovery Controller Developer Guide</a>.</p>
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 2022-10-30
- Package version: 2022-10-30
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://github.com/mermade/aws2openapi](https://github.com/mermade/aws2openapi)

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install aws_arc_zonal_shift --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your aws_arc_zonal_shift from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var AwsArcZonalShift = require('aws_arc_zonal_shift');

var defaultClient = AwsArcZonalShift.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure API key authorization: hmac
var hmac = defaultClient.authentications['hmac'];
hmac.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//hmac.apiKeyPrefix['Authorization'] = "Token"

var api = new AwsArcZonalShift.DefaultApi()
var zonalShiftId = "zonalShiftId_example"; // {String} The internally-generated identifier of a zonal shift.
var opts = {
  'xAmzContentSha256': "xAmzContentSha256_example", // {String} 
  'xAmzDate': "xAmzDate_example", // {String} 
  'xAmzAlgorithm': "xAmzAlgorithm_example", // {String} 
  'xAmzCredential': "xAmzCredential_example", // {String} 
  'xAmzSecurityToken': "xAmzSecurityToken_example", // {String} 
  'xAmzSignature': "xAmzSignature_example", // {String} 
  'xAmzSignedHeaders': "xAmzSignedHeaders_example" // {String} 
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.cancelZonalShift(zonalShiftId, opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://arc-zonal-shift.us-east-1.amazonaws.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AwsArcZonalShift.DefaultApi* | [**cancelZonalShift**](docs/DefaultApi.md#cancelZonalShift) | **DELETE** /zonalshifts/{zonalShiftId} | 
*AwsArcZonalShift.DefaultApi* | [**getManagedResource**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getManagedResource) | **GET** /managedresources/{resourceIdentifier} | 
*AwsArcZonalShift.DefaultApi* | [**listManagedResources**](docs/DefaultApi.md#listManagedResources) | **GET** /managedresources | 
*AwsArcZonalShift.DefaultApi* | [**listZonalShifts**](docs/DefaultApi.md#listZonalShifts) | **GET** /zonalshifts | 
*AwsArcZonalShift.DefaultApi* | [**startZonalShift**](docs/DefaultApi.md#startZonalShift) | **POST** /zonalshifts | 
*AwsArcZonalShift.DefaultApi* | [**updateZonalShift**](docs/DefaultApi.md#updateZonalShift) | **PATCH** /zonalshifts/{zonalShiftId} | 


## Documentation for Models

 - [AwsArcZonalShift.AppliedStatus](docs/AppliedStatus.md)
 - [AwsArcZonalShift.GetManagedResourceResponse](docs/GetManagedResourceResponse.md)
 - [AwsArcZonalShift.ListManagedResourcesResponse](docs/ListManagedResourcesResponse.md)
 - [AwsArcZonalShift.ListZonalShiftsResponse](docs/ListZonalShiftsResponse.md)
 - [AwsArcZonalShift.ManagedResourceSummary](docs/ManagedResourceSummary.md)
 - [AwsArcZonalShift.StartZonalShiftRequest](docs/StartZonalShiftRequest.md)
 - [AwsArcZonalShift.UpdateZonalShiftRequest](docs/UpdateZonalShiftRequest.md)
 - [AwsArcZonalShift.ZonalShift](docs/ZonalShift.md)
 - [AwsArcZonalShift.ZonalShiftInResource](docs/ZonalShiftInResource.md)
 - [AwsArcZonalShift.ZonalShiftStatus](docs/ZonalShiftStatus.md)
 - [AwsArcZonalShift.ZonalShiftSummary](docs/ZonalShiftSummary.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### hmac


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: Authorization
- **Location**: HTTP header

