# C++ Qt API client

# 

Apicurio Registry API [v2]

- API version: 2.4.x
- Generator version: 7.9.0

Apicurio Registry is a datastore for standard event schemas and API designs. Apicurio Registry enables developers to manage and share the structure of their data using a REST interface. For example, client applications can dynamically push or pull the latest updates to or from the registry without needing to redeploy. Apicurio Registry also enables developers to create rules that govern how registry content can evolve over time. For example, this includes rules for content validation and version compatibility.

The Apicurio Registry REST API enables client applications to manage the artifacts in the registry. This API provides create, read, update, and delete operations for schema and API artifacts, rules, versions, and metadata. 

The supported artifact types include:
- Apache Avro schema
- AsyncAPI specification
- Google protocol buffers
- GraphQL schema
- JSON Schema
- Kafka Connect schema
- OpenAPI specification
- Web Services Description Language
- XML Schema Definition


**Important**: The Apicurio Registry REST API is available from `https://MY-REGISTRY-URL/apis/registry/v2` by default. Therefore you must prefix all API operation paths with `../apis/registry/v2` in this case. For example: `../apis/registry/v2/ids/globalIds/{globalId}`.


  For more information, please visit [https://github.com/apicurio/apicurio-registry](https://github.com/apicurio/apicurio-registry)

*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIAdminApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
    OAIRule create();
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIAdminApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

OAIRule Example::create(){
    OAIRule obj;
 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIAdminApi apiInstance;
     
      QEventLoop loop;
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIAdminApi::createGlobalRuleSignal, [&]() {
          loop.quit();
      });
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIAdminApi::createGlobalRuleSignalE, [&](QNetworkReply::NetworkError, QString error_str) {
          qDebug() << "Error happened while issuing request : " << error_str;
          loop.quit();
      });

      OAIRule oai_rule = create(); // OAIRule | 
      apiInstance.createGlobalRule_0(oai_rule);
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
Authentication schemes defined for the API:

## Author

apicurio@lists.jboss.org


## License

Apache 2.0 for more information visit [Apache 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)