# threat_jammer_com_user_api

ThreatJammerComUserApi - JavaScript client for threat_jammer_com_user_api

The public API open to the users. [Read the docs and learn more.](https://threatjammer.com/docs).

## General information

### Description
Threat Jammer supports two end-user REST APIs: the User API and the Report API. The end-user uses the User API to interact with the different databases, heuristics, and machine learning processes. Devices use the Report API to interact with Threat Jammer. This document will explain how to use the User API and interact with the different services, create a token, interpret the quota information, and create the HTTP request to interact with the User API.

### Authentication
The API is protected by a **Bearer authentication** schema. **Bearer authentication** (also called **token authentication**) is an HTTP authentication scheme that involves security tokens called bearer tokens. It is used to authenticate the user. All the different endpoints expect a `Bearer` token in the `Authorization` header.

Example:

```
curl -X 'GET'
  'https://dublin.api.threatjammer.com/test'
  -H 'accept: application/json'
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_KEY'
```

You can obtain a token after registering on the [ThreatJammer.com](https://threatjammer.com) website for free.


### Region specific tokens
All the `Bearer` tokens contain information about the authorized region. The developers have to use a token created for the region they want to use. A token used in a different region will return a `401 Unauthorized` error.

### Global errors

The API will return the following permanent errors:
- a `401 Unauthorized` error if the token is not valid, or does not belong to the region.
- a `401 Unauthorized` error if the token does not exist.
- a `401 Unauthorized` error if the token is malformed.
- a `403 Forbidden` error if the subscription level is not enough. Some endpoints are only available for paid subscription levels.

And these temporary errors:
- a `429 Too Many Requests` error if the quota is exceeded (see below).

### Quota limits

**Every request to the User API will consume one (1) quota point.**

The API has two rate limiting processes:
- a quota limit of **5000** requests per month for the `FREE` account. The limit is reset every month.
- a quota limit of **10** requests per minute for the `FREE` account. The limit is reset every minute and implements a sliding window mechanism.


This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.2.27
- Package version: 1.2.27
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://threatjammer.com/contactus](https://threatjammer.com/contactus)

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install threat_jammer_com_user_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your threat_jammer_com_user_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var ThreatJammerComUserApi = require('threat_jammer_com_user_api');

var defaultClient = ThreatJammerComUserApi.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure Bearer access token for authorization: HTTPBearer
var HTTPBearer = defaultClient.authentications['HTTPBearer'];
HTTPBearer.accessToken = "YOUR ACCESS TOKEN"

var api = new ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi()
var allowlistId = "allowlistId_example"; // {String} 
var bodyChangeStatusOfTheAllowlistV1AllowlistPublicAllowlistIdPut = new ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyChangeStatusOfTheAllowlistV1AllowlistPublicAllowlistIdPut(); // {BodyChangeStatusOfTheAllowlistV1AllowlistPublicAllowlistIdPut} 
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.changeStatusOfTheAllowlistV1AllowlistPublicAllowlistIdPut(allowlistId, bodyChangeStatusOfTheAllowlistV1AllowlistPublicAllowlistIdPut, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**changeStatusOfTheAllowlistV1AllowlistPublicAllowlistIdPut**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#changeStatusOfTheAllowlistV1AllowlistPublicAllowlistIdPut) | **PUT** /v1/allowlist/public/{allowlist_id} | Toogle the status of an allow list.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**changeStatusOfTheOriginAllowlistV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdOriginPut**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#changeStatusOfTheOriginAllowlistV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdOriginPut) | **PUT** /v1/allowlist/private/{allowlist_id}/origin | Toogle the status of the origin in an allow list.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**changeStatusOfTheOriginAllowlistV1AllowlistPublicAllowlistIdOriginPut**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#changeStatusOfTheOriginAllowlistV1AllowlistPublicAllowlistIdOriginPut) | **PUT** /v1/allowlist/public/{allowlist_id}/origin | Toogle the status of the origin in an allow list.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**createPrivateAllowlistOfTheUserV1AllowlistPrivatePost**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#createPrivateAllowlistOfTheUserV1AllowlistPrivatePost) | **POST** /v1/allowlist/private | Creates a new private allowlist binded to the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**deleteTheAllowlistContentV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdContentDelete**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#deleteTheAllowlistContentV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdContentDelete) | **DELETE** /v1/allowlist/private/{allowlist_id}/content | Delete all the content of a private allowlist of the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**deleteTheAllowlistV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdDelete**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#deleteTheAllowlistV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdDelete) | **DELETE** /v1/allowlist/private/{allowlist_id} | Delete all the bindings between a user and a private allowlist.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**deleteTheAllowlistV1AllowlistPublicAllowlistIdDelete**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#deleteTheAllowlistV1AllowlistPublicAllowlistIdDelete) | **DELETE** /v1/allowlist/public/{allowlist_id} | Delete all the bindings between a user and an allowlist.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getAllOwnedAllowlistsByResourceTypeV1AllowlistPublicOwnedResourceTypeGet**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getAllOwnedAllowlistsByResourceTypeV1AllowlistPublicOwnedResourceTypeGet) | **GET** /v1/allowlist/public/owned/{resource_type} | Get the set of public allowlists of a user by resource type.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getAllPrivateAllowlistsByResourceTypeV1AllowlistPrivateAllResourceTypeGet**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getAllPrivateAllowlistsByResourceTypeV1AllowlistPrivateAllResourceTypeGet) | **GET** /v1/allowlist/private/all/{resource_type} | Get the set of private allowlists of the user by resource type.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getAllPrivateAllowlistsV1AllowlistPrivateAllGet**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getAllPrivateAllowlistsV1AllowlistPrivateAllGet) | **GET** /v1/allowlist/private/all | Get the set of private allowlists of the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getAllPublicAllowlistsByResourceTypeV1AllowlistPublicAllResourceTypeGet**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getAllPublicAllowlistsByResourceTypeV1AllowlistPublicAllResourceTypeGet) | **GET** /v1/allowlist/public/all/{resource_type} | Get the set of public allowlists by resource type.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getAllPublicAllowlistsV1AllowlistPublicAllGet**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getAllPublicAllowlistsV1AllowlistPublicAllGet) | **GET** /v1/allowlist/public/all | Get the set of public allowlists.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getAllowlistContentV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdContentGet**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getAllowlistContentV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdContentGet) | **GET** /v1/allowlist/private/{allowlist_id}/content | Get the content of a private allowlist of the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getPublicAllowlistsOwnedByTheUserV1AllowlistPublicOwnedGet**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getPublicAllowlistsOwnedByTheUserV1AllowlistPublicOwnedGet) | **GET** /v1/allowlist/public/owned | Get the set of owned allowlists.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getSingleAllowlistV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdGet**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getSingleAllowlistV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdGet) | **GET** /v1/allowlist/private/{allowlist_id} | Get the details of a specific private allowlist of the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getSingleAllowlistV1AllowlistPublicAllowlistIdGet**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getSingleAllowlistV1AllowlistPublicAllowlistIdGet) | **GET** /v1/allowlist/public/{allowlist_id} | Get the details of the allowlist.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**queryResourceAllowlistsV1AllowlistPublicIpAddressGet**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#queryResourceAllowlistsV1AllowlistPublicIpAddressGet) | **GET** /v1/allowlist/public/ip/{address} | Get the different public allowlists where the IP address was found.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**queryResourceDenylistsV1AllowlistPrivateIpAddressGet**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#queryResourceDenylistsV1AllowlistPrivateIpAddressGet) | **GET** /v1/allowlist/private/ip/{address} | Get the different private allowlists where the IP address was found.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**updatePrivateAllowlistOfTheUserV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdPut**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#updatePrivateAllowlistOfTheUserV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdPut) | **PUT** /v1/allowlist/private/{allowlist_id} | Update the information of an existing private allowlist of the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**updatePrivateContentOfTheAllowlistOfTheUserV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdContentPut**](docs/AllowlistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#updatePrivateContentOfTheAllowlistOfTheUserV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdContentPut) | **PUT** /v1/allowlist/private/{allowlist_id}/content | Add or remove content of a private allowlist of the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AuthenticationTokenManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**queryTokenActivityV1TokenActivityGet**](docs/AuthenticationTokenManagementInThisRegionApi.md#queryTokenActivityV1TokenActivityGet) | **GET** /v1/token/activity | Get the activity information of the token in the region.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AuthenticationTokenManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**queryTokenInfoV1TokenGet**](docs/AuthenticationTokenManagementInThisRegionApi.md#queryTokenInfoV1TokenGet) | **GET** /v1/token | Get the information of the user&#39;s token in the region.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AutonomousSystemsInformationApi* | [**queryAsnPrefixInformationV1AsnPrefixPost**](docs/AutonomousSystemsInformationApi.md#queryAsnPrefixInformationV1AsnPrefixPost) | **POST** /v1/asn/prefix | Get the IPv4 or IPv6 prefix of the CIDR given.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AutonomousSystemsInformationApi* | [**queryAsnPrefixesListV1AsnNumberPrefixesGet**](docs/AutonomousSystemsInformationApi.md#queryAsnPrefixesListV1AsnNumberPrefixesGet) | **GET** /v1/asn/{number}/prefixes | Get the list of IPv4 and IPv6 prefixes of the AS number given.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AutonomousSystemsInformationApi* | [**queryAsnV1AsnNumberGet**](docs/AutonomousSystemsInformationApi.md#queryAsnV1AsnNumberGet) | **GET** /v1/asn/{number} | Get the Autonomous System details of the AS number given.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AutonomousSystemsInformationApi* | [**queryIPAddressNetworkInformationV1AsnIpIpAddressGet**](docs/AutonomousSystemsInformationApi.md#queryIPAddressNetworkInformationV1AsnIpIpAddressGet) | **GET** /v1/asn/ip/{ip_address} | Get the IPv4 or IPv6 prefix of the IP address given.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AutonomousSystemsInformationApi* | [**queryRegistryByTheNameV1AsnRegistryCodeGet**](docs/AutonomousSystemsInformationApi.md#queryRegistryByTheNameV1AsnRegistryCodeGet) | **GET** /v1/asn/registry/{code} | Get the information of a Regional Internet Registries (RIRs) given.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AutonomousSystemsInformationApi* | [**queryRegistryNamesV1AsnRegistryAllGet**](docs/AutonomousSystemsInformationApi.md#queryRegistryNamesV1AsnRegistryAllGet) | **GET** /v1/asn/registry/all | Get the list of the Regional Internet Registries (RIRs) entities worldwide.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AutonomousSystemsInformationApi* | [**queryStatusByTheNameV1AsnStatusCodeGet**](docs/AutonomousSystemsInformationApi.md#queryStatusByTheNameV1AsnStatusCodeGet) | **GET** /v1/asn/status/{code} | Get the information of a status given.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.AutonomousSystemsInformationApi* | [**queryStatusNamesV1AsnStatusAllGet**](docs/AutonomousSystemsInformationApi.md#queryStatusNamesV1AsnStatusAllGet) | **GET** /v1/asn/status/all | Get the list of status of an object in a registry.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DataAssessmentApi* | [**assessIpSetCsvV1AssessIpCsvPost**](docs/DataAssessmentApi.md#assessIpSetCsvV1AssessIpCsvPost) | **POST** /v1/assess/ip/csv | Get the risk score of all IP address uploaded and other data signals.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DataAssessmentApi* | [**assessIpSetV1AssessIpPost**](docs/DataAssessmentApi.md#assessIpSetV1AssessIpPost) | **POST** /v1/assess/ip | Get the risk score of all IP address passed in the body and other data signals.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DataAssessmentApi* | [**assessIpV1AssessIpIpAddressGet**](docs/DataAssessmentApi.md#assessIpV1AssessIpIpAddressGet) | **GET** /v1/assess/ip/{ip_address} | Get a risk score of the IP address and different data signals.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DataLoggingApi* | [**logChangeIdV1LogIpIdLogchangeIdGet**](docs/DataLoggingApi.md#logChangeIdV1LogIpIdLogchangeIdGet) | **GET** /v1/log/ip/id/{logchange_id} | Get a log event.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DataLoggingApi* | [**logchangesIpV1LogIpIpAddressGet**](docs/DataLoggingApi.md#logchangesIpV1LogIpIpAddressGet) | **GET** /v1/log/ip/{ip_address} | Get the changes logged in the different datasets of an IP address.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**getAllSourcesV1SourceIpGet**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#getAllSourcesV1SourceIpGet) | **GET** /v1/source/ip | Get the full information of all the source lists for the subscription level given.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**getSourceAndTimerangeInfoV1SourceIpSourceRangeTimeRangeGet**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#getSourceAndTimerangeInfoV1SourceIpSourceRangeTimeRangeGet) | **GET** /v1/source/ip/{source}/range/{time_range} | Get the information of the source list given for a specific time range.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DataSourcesApi* | [**getSourceInfoV1SourceIpSourceGet**](docs/DataSourcesApi.md#getSourceInfoV1SourceIpSourceGet) | **GET** /v1/source/ip/{source} | Get the full information of the source list given as argument.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DatacenterInformationApi* | [**queryDatacenterPrefixInformationV1DatacenterPrefixPost**](docs/DatacenterInformationApi.md#queryDatacenterPrefixInformationV1DatacenterPrefixPost) | **POST** /v1/datacenter/prefix | Get the IPv4 or IPv6 prefix of the CIDR given.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DatacenterInformationApi* | [**queryDatacenterPrefixesListV1DatacenterDatacenterIdPrefixesGet**](docs/DatacenterInformationApi.md#queryDatacenterPrefixesListV1DatacenterDatacenterIdPrefixesGet) | **GET** /v1/datacenter/{datacenter_id}/prefixes | Get the list of IPv4 and IPv6 prefixes of the Datacenter given.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DatacenterInformationApi* | [**queryDatacenterV1DatacenterDatacenterIdGet**](docs/DatacenterInformationApi.md#queryDatacenterV1DatacenterDatacenterIdGet) | **GET** /v1/datacenter/{datacenter_id} | Get the Datacenter details of datacente given.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DatacenterInformationApi* | [**queryIPAddressNetworkInformationV1DatacenterIpIpAddressGet**](docs/DatacenterInformationApi.md#queryIPAddressNetworkInformationV1DatacenterIpIpAddressGet) | **GET** /v1/datacenter/ip/{ip_address} | Get the IPv4 or IPv6 prefix of the IP address given.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**changeStatusOfTheDenylistV1DenylistPublicDenylistIdPut**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#changeStatusOfTheDenylistV1DenylistPublicDenylistIdPut) | **PUT** /v1/denylist/public/{denylist_id} | Toogle the status of an deny list.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**changeStatusOfTheOriginDenylistV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdOriginPut**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#changeStatusOfTheOriginDenylistV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdOriginPut) | **PUT** /v1/denylist/private/{denylist_id}/origin | Toogle the status of the origin in a deny list.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**changeStatusOfTheOriginDenylistV1DenylistPublicDenylistIdOriginPut**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#changeStatusOfTheOriginDenylistV1DenylistPublicDenylistIdOriginPut) | **PUT** /v1/denylist/public/{denylist_id}/origin | Toogle the status of the origin in a deny list.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**createPrivateDenylistOfTheUserV1DenylistPrivatePost**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#createPrivateDenylistOfTheUserV1DenylistPrivatePost) | **POST** /v1/denylist/private | Creates a new private denylist binded to the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**deleteAllIpAddressesReportedByTheUserV1DenylistReportedIpAllDelete**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#deleteAllIpAddressesReportedByTheUserV1DenylistReportedIpAllDelete) | **DELETE** /v1/denylist/reported/ip/all | Delete all the automatically reported IP addresses by the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**deleteAnIpAddressReportedByTheUserV1DenylistReportedIpIpAddressDelete**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#deleteAnIpAddressReportedByTheUserV1DenylistReportedIpIpAddressDelete) | **DELETE** /v1/denylist/reported/ip/{ip_address} | Delete the automatically reported IP address by the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**deleteTheDenylistContentV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdContentDelete**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#deleteTheDenylistContentV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdContentDelete) | **DELETE** /v1/denylist/private/{denylist_id}/content | Delete all the content of a private denylist of the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**deleteTheDenylistV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdDelete**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#deleteTheDenylistV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdDelete) | **DELETE** /v1/denylist/private/{denylist_id} | Delete all the bindings between a user and a private denylist.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**deleteTheDenylistV1DenylistPublicDenylistIdDelete**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#deleteTheDenylistV1DenylistPublicDenylistIdDelete) | **DELETE** /v1/denylist/public/{denylist_id} | Delete all the bindings between a user and an denylist.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getAllOwnedDenylistsByResourceTypeV1DenylistPublicOwnedResourceTypeGet**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getAllOwnedDenylistsByResourceTypeV1DenylistPublicOwnedResourceTypeGet) | **GET** /v1/denylist/public/owned/{resource_type} | Get the set of public denylists of a user by resource type.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getAllPrivateDenylistsByResourceTypeV1DenylistPrivateAllResourceTypeGet**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getAllPrivateDenylistsByResourceTypeV1DenylistPrivateAllResourceTypeGet) | **GET** /v1/denylist/private/all/{resource_type} | Get the set of private denylists of the user by resource type.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getAllPrivateDenylistsV1DenylistPrivateAllGet**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getAllPrivateDenylistsV1DenylistPrivateAllGet) | **GET** /v1/denylist/private/all | Get the set of private denylists of the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getAllPublicDenylistsByResourceTypeV1DenylistPublicAllResourceTypeGet**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getAllPublicDenylistsByResourceTypeV1DenylistPublicAllResourceTypeGet) | **GET** /v1/denylist/public/all/{resource_type} | Get the set of public denylists by resource type.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getAllPublicDenylistsV1DenylistPublicAllGet**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getAllPublicDenylistsV1DenylistPublicAllGet) | **GET** /v1/denylist/public/all | Get the set of public denylists.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getDenylistContentV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdContentGet**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getDenylistContentV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdContentGet) | **GET** /v1/denylist/private/{denylist_id}/content | Get the content of a private denylist of the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getPublicDenylistsOwnedByTheUserV1DenylistPublicOwnedGet**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getPublicDenylistsOwnedByTheUserV1DenylistPublicOwnedGet) | **GET** /v1/denylist/public/owned | Get the set of owned denylists.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getSingleDenylistV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdGet**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getSingleDenylistV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdGet) | **GET** /v1/denylist/private/{denylist_id} | Get the details of a specific private denylist of the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**getSingleDenylistV1DenylistPublicDenylistIdGet**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#getSingleDenylistV1DenylistPublicDenylistIdGet) | **GET** /v1/denylist/public/{denylist_id} | Get the details of the denylist.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**queryAllTheIpAddressesReportedByTheUserV1DenylistReportedIpGet**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#queryAllTheIpAddressesReportedByTheUserV1DenylistReportedIpGet) | **GET** /v1/denylist/reported/ip | Get the list of automatically reported IP addresses by the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**queryAnIpAddressesReportedByTheUserV1DenylistReportedIpIpAddressGet**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#queryAnIpAddressesReportedByTheUserV1DenylistReportedIpIpAddressGet) | **GET** /v1/denylist/reported/ip/{ip_address} | Get the details of an automatically reported IP addresses by the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**queryResourceDenylistsV1DenylistPrivateIpAddressGet**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#queryResourceDenylistsV1DenylistPrivateIpAddressGet) | **GET** /v1/denylist/private/ip/{address} | Get the different denylists where the IP address was found.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**queryResourceDenylistsV1DenylistPublicIpAddressGet**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#queryResourceDenylistsV1DenylistPublicIpAddressGet) | **GET** /v1/denylist/public/ip/{address} | Get the different public denylists where the IP address was found.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**updatePrivateContentOfTheDenylistOfTheUserV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdContentPut**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#updatePrivateContentOfTheDenylistOfTheUserV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdContentPut) | **PUT** /v1/denylist/private/{denylist_id}/content | Add or remove content of a private denylist of the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi* | [**updatePrivateDenylistOfTheUserV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdPut**](docs/DenylistDataQueryAndManagementApi.md#updatePrivateDenylistOfTheUserV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdPut) | **PUT** /v1/denylist/private/{denylist_id} | Update the information of an existing private denylist of the user.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.GeolocationApi* | [**assessIpSetCsvV1GeoCsvPost**](docs/GeolocationApi.md#assessIpSetCsvV1GeoCsvPost) | **POST** /v1/geo/csv | Get the geolocation data of all the IP addresses uploaded.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.GeolocationApi* | [**geolocateIpSetV1GeoPost**](docs/GeolocationApi.md#geolocateIpSetV1GeoPost) | **POST** /v1/geo | Get the geolocation data of the IP addresses set.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.GeolocationApi* | [**geolocateIpV1GeoIpAddressGet**](docs/GeolocationApi.md#geolocateIpV1GeoIpAddressGet) | **GET** /v1/geo/{ip_address} | Get the geo location data of the IP address.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**queryAllOriginInformationV1OriginAllGet**](docs/OriginManagementInThisRegionApi.md#queryAllOriginInformationV1OriginAllGet) | **GET** /v1/origin/all | Get the information of the origins of the user in the region.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**queryOriginAddressStatusInformationV1OriginAddressesGet**](docs/OriginManagementInThisRegionApi.md#queryOriginAddressStatusInformationV1OriginAddressesGet) | **GET** /v1/origin/addresses | Get the address status of the origin of the user in the region.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**queryOriginCookieIdStatusInformationV1OriginCookiesGet**](docs/OriginManagementInThisRegionApi.md#queryOriginCookieIdStatusInformationV1OriginCookiesGet) | **GET** /v1/origin/cookies | Get the tracking cookie ID status of the origin of the user in the region.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**queryOriginInformationV1OriginGet**](docs/OriginManagementInThisRegionApi.md#queryOriginInformationV1OriginGet) | **GET** /v1/origin | Get the information of an origin of the user in the region.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**queryOriginScriptsV1OriginScriptsGet**](docs/OriginManagementInThisRegionApi.md#queryOriginScriptsV1OriginScriptsGet) | **GET** /v1/origin/scripts | Get the code snippets of an origin of the user in the region.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**queryOriginStatusDetailV1OriginStatusDetailStatusIdGet**](docs/OriginManagementInThisRegionApi.md#queryOriginStatusDetailV1OriginStatusDetailStatusIdGet) | **GET** /v1/origin/status/detail/{status_id} | Get detail of a status available in the platform.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**queryOriginStatusDetailsV1OriginStatusDetailsGet**](docs/OriginManagementInThisRegionApi.md#queryOriginStatusDetailsV1OriginStatusDetailsGet) | **GET** /v1/origin/status/details | Get the list of different status available in the platform.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**queryOriginStatusV1OriginStatusPost**](docs/OriginManagementInThisRegionApi.md#queryOriginStatusV1OriginStatusPost) | **POST** /v1/origin/status | Get the current cookie ID and IP address status of the origin of user in the region.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**queryOriginTrafficAnalysisV1OriginTrafficAnalysisGet**](docs/OriginManagementInThisRegionApi.md#queryOriginTrafficAnalysisV1OriginTrafficAnalysisGet) | **GET** /v1/origin/traffic/analysis | Get the traffic analysis of the origin.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**queryOriginTrafficClientV1OriginClientAnalysisGet**](docs/OriginManagementInThisRegionApi.md#queryOriginTrafficClientV1OriginClientAnalysisGet) | **GET** /v1/origin/client/analysis | Get the type of clients of the trafffic of the origin.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**updateConfigurationOriginV1OriginPut**](docs/OriginManagementInThisRegionApi.md#updateConfigurationOriginV1OriginPut) | **PUT** /v1/origin | Update the configuration of an origin of the user in the region.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**updateOriginStatusV1OriginStatusPut**](docs/OriginManagementInThisRegionApi.md#updateOriginStatusV1OriginStatusPut) | **PUT** /v1/origin/status | Update the status of a given origin event in the platform.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginTokenManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**createANewOriginTokenV1OriginTokenNewPost**](docs/OriginTokenManagementInThisRegionApi.md#createANewOriginTokenV1OriginTokenNewPost) | **POST** /v1/origin_token/new | Create an origin token of the user in the region.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginTokenManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**deleteTokenV1OriginTokenDelete**](docs/OriginTokenManagementInThisRegionApi.md#deleteTokenV1OriginTokenDelete) | **DELETE** /v1/origin_token | Delete an origin token of the user in the region.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginTokenManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**disableOriginTokenV1OriginTokenDisablePut**](docs/OriginTokenManagementInThisRegionApi.md#disableOriginTokenV1OriginTokenDisablePut) | **PUT** /v1/origin_token/disable | Disable a enabled origin token of the user in the region.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginTokenManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**enableOriginTokenV1OriginTokenEnablePut**](docs/OriginTokenManagementInThisRegionApi.md#enableOriginTokenV1OriginTokenEnablePut) | **PUT** /v1/origin_token/enable | Enable a disabled origin token of the user in the region.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginTokenManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**queryAllOriginTokensInTheRegionV1OriginTokenAllGet**](docs/OriginTokenManagementInThisRegionApi.md#queryAllOriginTokensInTheRegionV1OriginTokenAllGet) | **GET** /v1/origin_token/all | Get the information of the origin tokens of the user in the region.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginTokenManagementInThisRegionApi* | [**queryOriginTokenInfoV1OriginTokenPost**](docs/OriginTokenManagementInThisRegionApi.md#queryOriginTokenInfoV1OriginTokenPost) | **POST** /v1/origin_token | Get the information of an origin token of the user in the region.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.PlatformDatasetsApi* | [**queryDatatasetInformationOfAllTheResourceTypesV1DatasetIpGet**](docs/PlatformDatasetsApi.md#queryDatatasetInformationOfAllTheResourceTypesV1DatasetIpGet) | **GET** /v1/dataset/ip | Get the list of all the datasets available in the platform.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.PlatformDatasetsApi* | [**queryDatatasetInformationOfTheResourceTypeV1DatasetIpNameGet**](docs/PlatformDatasetsApi.md#queryDatatasetInformationOfTheResourceTypeV1DatasetIpNameGet) | **GET** /v1/dataset/ip/{name} | Get the detailed information of the dataset queried.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.UserAgentApi* | [**parseUserAgentV1UaUserAgentUrlencodedGet**](docs/UserAgentApi.md#parseUserAgentV1UaUserAgentUrlencodedGet) | **GET** /v1/ua/{user_agent_urlencoded} | Get the information found in an User Agent.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.UserAgentApi* | [**parseUserAgentsCsvV1UaCsvPost**](docs/UserAgentApi.md#parseUserAgentsCsvV1UaCsvPost) | **POST** /v1/ua/csv | Get the information found in the set of User Agents uploaded.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.UserAgentApi* | [**parseUserAgentsV1UaPost**](docs/UserAgentApi.md#parseUserAgentsV1UaPost) | **POST** /v1/ua | Get the information found in a set of User Agents.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.UserAgentApi* | [**queryDeviceByCodeV1UaDeviceCodeGet**](docs/UserAgentApi.md#queryDeviceByCodeV1UaDeviceCodeGet) | **GET** /v1/ua/device/{code} | Get the information of the device of a user agent.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.UserAgentApi* | [**queryFamilyByCodeV1UaFamilyCodeGet**](docs/UserAgentApi.md#queryFamilyByCodeV1UaFamilyCodeGet) | **GET** /v1/ua/family/{code} | Get the information of the family of a user agent.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.UserAgentApi* | [**queryOsByCodeV1UaOsCodeGet**](docs/UserAgentApi.md#queryOsByCodeV1UaOsCodeGet) | **GET** /v1/ua/os/{code} | Get the information of the Operating System of a user agent.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.UserAgentApi* | [**queryTypeByCodeV1UaTypeCodeGet**](docs/UserAgentApi.md#queryTypeByCodeV1UaTypeCodeGet) | **GET** /v1/ua/type/{code} | Get the information of the type of a user agent.
*ThreatJammerComUserApi.UserAgentApi* | [**queryVendorByCodeV1UaVendorCodeGet**](docs/UserAgentApi.md#queryVendorByCodeV1UaVendorCodeGet) | **GET** /v1/ua/vendor/{code} | Get the information of the vendor of a user agent.


## Documentation for Models

 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.AclGroupOriginCollectionOutput](docs/AclGroupOriginCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.AclGroupOriginOutput](docs/AclGroupOriginOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.AclListCollectionOutput](docs/AclListCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.ActivityCollectionOutput](docs/ActivityCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.ActivityOutput](docs/ActivityOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.Address](docs/Address.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.AutonomousSystemOutput](docs/AutonomousSystemOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.AutonomousSystemPrefixOutput](docs/AutonomousSystemPrefixOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.AutonomousSystemPrefixesOutput](docs/AutonomousSystemPrefixesOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.AutonomousSystemRegistryOutput](docs/AutonomousSystemRegistryOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.AutonomousSystemStatusOutput](docs/AutonomousSystemStatusOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyChangeStatusOfTheAllowlistV1AllowlistPublicAllowlistIdPut](docs/BodyChangeStatusOfTheAllowlistV1AllowlistPublicAllowlistIdPut.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyChangeStatusOfTheDenylistV1DenylistPublicDenylistIdPut](docs/BodyChangeStatusOfTheDenylistV1DenylistPublicDenylistIdPut.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyChangeStatusOfTheOriginAllowlistV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdOriginPut](docs/BodyChangeStatusOfTheOriginAllowlistV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdOriginPut.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyChangeStatusOfTheOriginAllowlistV1AllowlistPublicAllowlistIdOriginPut](docs/BodyChangeStatusOfTheOriginAllowlistV1AllowlistPublicAllowlistIdOriginPut.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyChangeStatusOfTheOriginDenylistV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdOriginPut](docs/BodyChangeStatusOfTheOriginDenylistV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdOriginPut.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyChangeStatusOfTheOriginDenylistV1DenylistPublicDenylistIdOriginPut](docs/BodyChangeStatusOfTheOriginDenylistV1DenylistPublicDenylistIdOriginPut.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyCreatePrivateAllowlistOfTheUserV1AllowlistPrivatePost](docs/BodyCreatePrivateAllowlistOfTheUserV1AllowlistPrivatePost.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyCreatePrivateDenylistOfTheUserV1DenylistPrivatePost](docs/BodyCreatePrivateDenylistOfTheUserV1DenylistPrivatePost.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyDeleteTokenV1OriginTokenDelete](docs/BodyDeleteTokenV1OriginTokenDelete.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyDisableOriginTokenV1OriginTokenDisablePut](docs/BodyDisableOriginTokenV1OriginTokenDisablePut.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyEnableOriginTokenV1OriginTokenEnablePut](docs/BodyEnableOriginTokenV1OriginTokenEnablePut.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyQueryAsnPrefixInformationV1AsnPrefixPost](docs/BodyQueryAsnPrefixInformationV1AsnPrefixPost.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyQueryDatacenterPrefixInformationV1DatacenterPrefixPost](docs/BodyQueryDatacenterPrefixInformationV1DatacenterPrefixPost.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyQueryOriginStatusV1OriginStatusPost](docs/BodyQueryOriginStatusV1OriginStatusPost.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyQueryOriginTokenInfoV1OriginTokenPost](docs/BodyQueryOriginTokenInfoV1OriginTokenPost.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyUpdateConfigurationOriginV1OriginPut](docs/BodyUpdateConfigurationOriginV1OriginPut.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyUpdateOriginStatusV1OriginStatusPut](docs/BodyUpdateOriginStatusV1OriginStatusPut.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyUpdatePrivateAllowlistOfTheUserV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdPut](docs/BodyUpdatePrivateAllowlistOfTheUserV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdPut.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyUpdatePrivateContentOfTheAllowlistOfTheUserV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdContentPut](docs/BodyUpdatePrivateContentOfTheAllowlistOfTheUserV1AllowlistPrivateAllowlistIdContentPut.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyUpdatePrivateContentOfTheDenylistOfTheUserV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdContentPut](docs/BodyUpdatePrivateContentOfTheDenylistOfTheUserV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdContentPut.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.BodyUpdatePrivateDenylistOfTheUserV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdPut](docs/BodyUpdatePrivateDenylistOfTheUserV1DenylistPrivateDenylistIdPut.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.CidrsInner](docs/CidrsInner.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.DatacenterOutput](docs/DatacenterOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.DatacenterPrefixOutput](docs/DatacenterPrefixOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.DatacenterPrefixesOutput](docs/DatacenterPrefixesOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.DatasetTypeCollectionOutput](docs/DatasetTypeCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.DatasetTypeOutput](docs/DatasetTypeOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.DeviceOutput](docs/DeviceOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.FamilyOutput](docs/FamilyOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.GeoIPCollectionOutput](docs/GeoIPCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.GeoIPOutput](docs/GeoIPOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.HTTPValidationError](docs/HTTPValidationError.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.IPAddress](docs/IPAddress.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.IPAssessmentCollectionOutput](docs/IPAssessmentCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.IPAssessmentOutput](docs/IPAssessmentOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.IPListCollectionOutput](docs/IPListCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.IPListOutput](docs/IPListOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.IPLogCollectionOutput](docs/IPLogCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.IPLogOutput](docs/IPLogOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.LocationInner](docs/LocationInner.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OSOutput](docs/OSOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginAddressStatusCollectionOutput](docs/OriginAddressStatusCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginAddressStatusOutput](docs/OriginAddressStatusOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginClientAnalysisCollectionOutput](docs/OriginClientAnalysisCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginClientAnalysisOutput](docs/OriginClientAnalysisOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginCollectionOutput](docs/OriginCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginCookieIdStatusCollectionOutput](docs/OriginCookieIdStatusCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginCookieIdStatusOutput](docs/OriginCookieIdStatusOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginOutput](docs/OriginOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginScriptsOutput](docs/OriginScriptsOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginStatusDetailsCollectionOutput](docs/OriginStatusDetailsCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginStatusDetailsOutput](docs/OriginStatusDetailsOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginStatusOutput](docs/OriginStatusOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginTokenCollectionOutput](docs/OriginTokenCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginTokenInput](docs/OriginTokenInput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginTokenOutput](docs/OriginTokenOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginTrafficAnalysisCollectionOutput](docs/OriginTrafficAnalysisCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.OriginTrafficAnalysisOutput](docs/OriginTrafficAnalysisOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.PrivateAclGroupListCollectionOutput](docs/PrivateAclGroupListCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.PrivateAclGroupListInput](docs/PrivateAclGroupListInput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.PrivateAclGroupListOutput](docs/PrivateAclGroupListOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.PrivateAclListCollectionOutput](docs/PrivateAclListCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.PublicAclGroupListCollectionOutput](docs/PublicAclGroupListCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.PublicAclGroupListOutput](docs/PublicAclGroupListOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.SourceCollectionOutput](docs/SourceCollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.SourceTimeRangeOutput](docs/SourceTimeRangeOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.TokenOutput](docs/TokenOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.TypeOutput](docs/TypeOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.UACollectionOutput](docs/UACollectionOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.UAOutput](docs/UAOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.V1ModelsSourceSourceOutput](docs/V1ModelsSourceSourceOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.V1ModelsTokenSourceOutput](docs/V1ModelsTokenSourceOutput.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.ValidationError](docs/ValidationError.md)
 - [ThreatJammerComUserApi.VendorOutput](docs/VendorOutput.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### HTTPBearer

- **Type**: Bearer authentication

