# C++ Qt API client

# 

Bungie.Net API

- API version: 2.18.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0

These endpoints constitute the functionality exposed by Bungie.net, both for more traditional website functionality and for connectivity to Bungie video games and their related functionality.

  For more information, please visit [https://github.com/Bungie-net/api](https://github.com/Bungie-net/api)

*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIDefaultApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIDefaultApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIDefaultApi apiInstance;
           apiInstance._GetAvailableLocales();
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### apiKey


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-API-Key
- **Location**: HTTP header

### oauth2


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: accessCode
- **Authorization URL**: https://www.bungie.net/en/OAuth/Authorize
- **Scopes**: 
  - AdminGroups: Administer Group/Clan Forums, Wall, and Members for groups and clans that the   user is a founder or an administrator.
  - AdvancedWriteActions: Can perform actions that will result in a prompt to the user via the Destiny app.
  - BnetWrite: Create new groups, clans, and forum posts, along with other actions that are reserved for Bungie.net  elevated scope: not meant to be used by third party applications.
  - DestinyUnlockValueQuery: Allows an app to query sensitive information like unlock flags and values not available through normal methods.
  - EditUserData: Edit user data such as preferred language, status, motto, avatar selection and theme.
  - MoveEquipDestinyItems: Move or equip Destiny items
  - PartnerOfferGrant: Can use the partner offer api to claim rewards defined for a partner
  - ReadAndApplyTokens: Read offer history and claim and apply tokens for the user.
  - ReadBasicUserProfile: Read basic user profile information such as the user&#39;s handle, avatar icon, etc.
  - ReadDestinyInventoryAndVault: Read Destiny 1 Inventory and Vault contents.  For Destiny 2, this scope is needed to read anything regarded as private. This is the only scope a  Destiny 2 app needs for read operations against Destiny 2 data such as inventory, vault, currency,  vendors, milestones, progression, etc.
  - ReadDestinyVendorsAndAdvisors: Access vendor and advisor data specific to a user. OBSOLETE. This scope is only used on the Destiny 1 API.
  - ReadGroups: Read Group/Clan Forums, Wall, and Members for groups and clans that the   user has joined.
  - ReadUserData: Read user data such as who they are web notifications,   clan/group memberships, recent activity, muted users.
  - UserPiiRead: Allows an app to query sensitive user PII, most notably email information.
  - WriteGroups: Write Group/Clan Forums, Wall, and Members for groups and clans that the   user has joined.


## Author

support@bungie.com


## License

BSD License 2.0 for more information visit [BSD License 2.0](https://github.com/Bungie-net/api/blob/master/LICENSE)