# XeroBankFeedsApi.FeedConnection

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**accountId** | **String** | Xero identifier for a bank account in Xero. Must be included if AccountNumber is not specified. | [optional] 
**accountName** | **String** | The Account Name will be used for the creation of a new Xero Bank Account if a matching Xero Bank Account is not found. | [optional] 
**accountNumber** | **String** | String(40) when AccountType is BANK String(4) when AccountType is CREDITCARD The Account Number is used to match the feed to a Xero Bank Account. The API will create a new Xero Bank Account if a match to an existing Xero Bank Account is not found. Only the last 4 digits must be supplied for Credit Card numbers. Must be included if AccountId is not specified. | [optional] 
**accountToken** | **String** | This account identifier is generated by the financial institute (FI). This must be unique for your financial institute. | [optional] 
**accountType** | **String** | High level bank account type - BANK CREDITCARD BANK encompasses all bank account types other than credit cards. | [optional] 
**country** | [**CountryCode**](CountryCode.md) |  | [optional] 
**currency** | [**CurrencyCode**](CurrencyCode.md) |  | [optional] 
**error** | [**Error**](Error.md) |  | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | GUID used to identify the Account. | [optional] 
**status** | **String** | the current status of the feed connection | [optional] 



## Enum: AccountTypeEnum


* `BANK` (value: `"BANK"`)

* `CREDITCARD` (value: `"CREDITCARD"`)





## Enum: StatusEnum


* `PENDING` (value: `"PENDING"`)

* `REJECTED` (value: `"REJECTED"`)




