# MatchApi.TerminationInquiryHistoryRequestApi

All URIs are relative to *https://api.mastercard.com*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**fraudMerchantV3TerminationInquiryIRNGet**](TerminationInquiryHistoryRequestApi.md#fraudMerchantV3TerminationInquiryIRNGet) | **GET** /fraud/merchant/v3/termination-inquiry/{IRN} | Returns information about Merchants, URLs and up to five principal owners, that have been terminated by an acquiring bank from a previous inquiry. The Inquiry History Results resource displays the inquiry with the option to view either; Possible Merchant Matches or Possible Inquiry Matches.



## fraudMerchantV3TerminationInquiryIRNGet

> TerminationInquirySchema fraudMerchantV3TerminationInquiryIRNGet(pageOffset, pageLength, acquirerId, IRN)

Returns information about Merchants, URLs and up to five principal owners, that have been terminated by an acquiring bank from a previous inquiry. The Inquiry History Results resource displays the inquiry with the option to view either; Possible Merchant Matches or Possible Inquiry Matches.

Returns information about Merchants, URLs and up to five principal owners, that have been terminated by an acquiring bank from a previous inquiry. The Inquiry History Results resource displays the inquiry with the option to view either; Possible Merchant Matches or Possible Inquiry Matches. 

### Example

```javascript
import MatchApi from 'match_api';

let apiInstance = new MatchApi.TerminationInquiryHistoryRequestApi();
let pageOffset = 0; // Number | The zero-based offset to start at. The actual start position is this value +1. An offset of 10 starts at item 11. Combined with the PageLength option this allows pagination to be supported through the service requests.
let pageLength = 10; // Number | The maximum number of items to retrieve within the current \"page\" of results.
let acquirerId = "1996"; // String | The Member ICA number which is used to validate that the application has permission to hit the MATCH database. This number must be obtained from a participating MATCH acquiring bank or entity before a developer can access the MATCH resource.
let IRN = "19962016070500348"; // String | Inquiry Reference Number (IRN) A unique identifier generated by the MATCH system that is returned in the original, previously submitted POST request (contained within the \"TerminationInquiry.Ref\" response node). This unique identifier should be present as a URL parameter within all GET requests.
apiInstance.fraudMerchantV3TerminationInquiryIRNGet(pageOffset, pageLength, acquirerId, IRN, (error, data, response) => {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
});
```

### Parameters


Name | Type | Description  | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
 **pageOffset** | **Number**| The zero-based offset to start at. The actual start position is this value +1. An offset of 10 starts at item 11. Combined with the PageLength option this allows pagination to be supported through the service requests. | 
 **pageLength** | **Number**| The maximum number of items to retrieve within the current \&quot;page\&quot; of results. | 
 **acquirerId** | **String**| The Member ICA number which is used to validate that the application has permission to hit the MATCH database. This number must be obtained from a participating MATCH acquiring bank or entity before a developer can access the MATCH resource. | 
 **IRN** | **String**| Inquiry Reference Number (IRN) A unique identifier generated by the MATCH system that is returned in the original, previously submitted POST request (contained within the \&quot;TerminationInquiry.Ref\&quot; response node). This unique identifier should be present as a URL parameter within all GET requests. | 

### Return type

[**TerminationInquirySchema**](TerminationInquirySchema.md)

### Authorization

No authorization required

### HTTP request headers

- **Content-Type**: Not defined
- **Accept**: application/json

