# C++ Qt API client

# 

Severa Public Rest API Documentation

- API version: 1.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0

The API uses OAuth2 client creadentials flow. To get the Bearer token for the resources you have to request the token by using route '/token', found from Authentication controller.

You need to provide a Client_Id, client_secret and scope needed. The client_id and client_secret can be obtained from Severa UI Rest Api settings section.

After authentication, calls need to use the Bearer token as authorization header (Bearer {accessToken}). The calls also need to have Client_Id header.

The access token can be refreshed from '/refreshtoken' route using the refresh token which was obtained from the authentication.




*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIActivitiesDeleteApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
    QString create();
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIActivitiesDeleteApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

QString Example::create(){
    QString obj;
 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIActivitiesDeleteApi apiInstance;
     
      // Configure API key authorization: ClientIdAuth
      apiInstance.setApiKey("YOUR API KEY NAME","YOUR API KEY");

      //OAuth Authentication supported right now

      QEventLoop loop;
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIActivitiesDeleteApi::activitiesDeleteActivitySignal, [&]() {
          loop.quit();
      });
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIActivitiesDeleteApi::activitiesDeleteActivitySignalE, [&](QNetworkReply::NetworkError, QString error_str) {
          qDebug() << "Error happened while issuing request : " << error_str;
          loop.quit();
      });

      QString guid = create(); // QString | ID for the activity to delete
      apiInstance.activitiesDeleteActivity(guid);
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### ClientIdAuth


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: Client_Id
- **Location**: HTTP header

### OAuth2


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: application
- **Authorization URL**: 
- **Scopes**: 
  - activities:delete: Delete access to activity resources
  - activities:read: Read-only access to activity resources
  - activities:write: Write access to activity resources
  - customers:delete: Delete access to customer resources
  - customers:read: Read-only access to customer resources
  - customers:write: Write access to customer resources
  - fees:delete: Delete access to project fee related resources
  - fees:read: Read-only access to project fee related resources
  - fees:write: Write access to project fee related resources
  - files:delete: Delete access to files
  - files:read: Read-only access to files
  - files:write: Write access to files
  - hours:delete: Delete access to work hour resources
  - hours:read: Read-only access to work hour resources
  - hours:write: Write access to work hour resources
  - invoices:delete: Delete access to invoice resources
  - invoices:read: Read-only access to invoice resources
  - invoices:write: Write access to invoice resources
  - organization:read: Read-only access to organization-level resources
  - organization:write: Write access to organization-level resources
  - projects:delete: Delete access to project resources
  - projects:read: Read-only access to project resources
  - projects:write: Write access to project resources
  - resourceallocations:delete: Delete access to resource allocations
  - resourceallocations:read: Read-only access to resource allocations
  - resourceallocations:write: Write access to resource allocations
  - settings:delete: Delete access to settings resources
  - settings:read: Read-only access to settings resources
  - settings:write: Write access to settings resources
  - travels:delete: Delete access to travel expense related resources
  - travels:read: Read-only access to travel expense related resources
  - travels:write: Write access to travel expense related resources
  - users:delete: Delete access to user resources
  - users:read: Read-only access to user resources
  - users:write: Write access to user resources


## Author




## License

 for more information visit []()