# spinitron_v2_api

SpinitronV2Api - JavaScript client for spinitron_v2_api
## Notes

**Tutorial demo** using this API is at [https://spinitron.com/v2-api-demo/](https://spinitron.com/v2-api-demo/). For web integration using iframes and/or JavaScript instead of an API, see [https://spinitron.github.io/v2-web-integration/](https://spinitron.github.io/v2-web-integration/).

**Your API key** is found in the Spinitron web app. Log in to Spinitron and go to *Automation & API* in the *Admin* menu.

**Authenticate** by presenting your API key using either HTTP Bearer Authorization
(preferred)

    curl -H 'Authorization: Bearer YOURAPIKEY' 'https://spinitron.com/api/spins'

or in the query parameter `access-token` (less secure owing to webserver
log files)

    curl 'https://spinitron.com/api/spins?access-token=YOURAPIKEY'

**Limit** per page of results is 20 by default and miximally 200.

**Try it out** below works to
generate example cURL requests but not to get responses from Spinitron. We
do not accept queries sent from web browsers. Copy-paste the cURL commands
and run them from your computer.

**Cache** the data you get from the API if you are using it in web or mobile integration. It's not ok to query the API on *every* page request you serve. The [demo](https://spinitron.com/v2-api-demo/) shows how easy it can be to implement a file cache.

An extension to this API with access to all stations for partner applications is available. Contact us.

This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install spinitron_v2_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your spinitron_v2_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var SpinitronV2Api = require('spinitron_v2_api');

var defaultClient = SpinitronV2Api.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure API key authorization: accessToken
var accessToken = defaultClient.authentications['accessToken'];
accessToken.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//accessToken.apiKeyPrefix['access-token'] = "Token"
// Configure Bearer (JWT) access token for authorization: httpBearer
var httpBearer = defaultClient.authentications['httpBearer'];
httpBearer.accessToken = "YOUR ACCESS TOKEN"

var api = new SpinitronV2Api.PersonaApi()
var opts = {
  'name': "name_example", // {String} Filter by Persona name
  'count': 20, // {Number} Amount of items to return
  'page': 56, // {Number} Offset, used together with count
  'fields': ["null"], // {[String]} Allows to select only needed fields
  'expand': ["null"] // {[String]} Allows to select extra fields
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.personasGet(opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://spinitron.com/api*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*SpinitronV2Api.PersonaApi* | [**personasGet**](docs/PersonaApi.md#personasGet) | **GET** /personas | Get Personas
*SpinitronV2Api.PersonaApi* | [**personasIdGet**](docs/PersonaApi.md#personasIdGet) | **GET** /personas/{id} | Get Persona by id
*SpinitronV2Api.PlaylistApi* | [**playlistsGet**](docs/PlaylistApi.md#playlistsGet) | **GET** /playlists | Returns playlists optionally filtered by {start} and/or {end} datetimes
*SpinitronV2Api.PlaylistApi* | [**playlistsIdGet**](docs/PlaylistApi.md#playlistsIdGet) | **GET** /playlists/{id} | Get a Playlist by id
*SpinitronV2Api.ShowApi* | [**showsGet**](docs/ShowApi.md#showsGet) | **GET** /shows | Returns scheduled shows optionally filtered by {start} and/or {end} datetimes
*SpinitronV2Api.ShowApi* | [**showsIdGet**](docs/ShowApi.md#showsIdGet) | **GET** /shows/{id} | Get a Show by id
*SpinitronV2Api.SpinApi* | [**spinsGet**](docs/SpinApi.md#spinsGet) | **GET** /spins | Returns spins optionally filtered by {start} and/or {end} datetimes
*SpinitronV2Api.SpinApi* | [**spinsIdGet**](docs/SpinApi.md#spinsIdGet) | **GET** /spins/{id} | Get a Spin by id
*SpinitronV2Api.SpinApi* | [**spinsPost**](docs/SpinApi.md#spinsPost) | **POST** /spins | Log a Spin


## Documentation for Models

 - [SpinitronV2Api.BaseIndexResponse](docs/BaseIndexResponse.md)
 - [SpinitronV2Api.BaseIndexResponseLinks](docs/BaseIndexResponseLinks.md)
 - [SpinitronV2Api.Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [SpinitronV2Api.Link](docs/Link.md)
 - [SpinitronV2Api.Pagination](docs/Pagination.md)
 - [SpinitronV2Api.Persona](docs/Persona.md)
 - [SpinitronV2Api.PersonaLinks](docs/PersonaLinks.md)
 - [SpinitronV2Api.PersonasGet200Response](docs/PersonasGet200Response.md)
 - [SpinitronV2Api.Playlist](docs/Playlist.md)
 - [SpinitronV2Api.PlaylistLinks](docs/PlaylistLinks.md)
 - [SpinitronV2Api.PlaylistsGet200Response](docs/PlaylistsGet200Response.md)
 - [SpinitronV2Api.Show](docs/Show.md)
 - [SpinitronV2Api.ShowLinks](docs/ShowLinks.md)
 - [SpinitronV2Api.ShowsGet200Response](docs/ShowsGet200Response.md)
 - [SpinitronV2Api.Spin](docs/Spin.md)
 - [SpinitronV2Api.SpinLinks](docs/SpinLinks.md)
 - [SpinitronV2Api.SpinsGet200Response](docs/SpinsGet200Response.md)
 - [SpinitronV2Api.ValidationError](docs/ValidationError.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### accessToken


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: access-token
- **Location**: URL query string

### httpBearer

- **Type**: Bearer authentication (JWT)

