# BeyondCorpApi.AppGateway

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**allocatedConnections** | [**[AllocatedConnection]**](AllocatedConnection.md) | Output only. A list of connections allocated for the Gateway | [optional] [readonly] 
**createTime** | **String** | Output only. Timestamp when the resource was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**displayName** | **String** | Optional. An arbitrary user-provided name for the AppGateway. Cannot exceed 64 characters. | [optional] 
**hostType** | **String** | Required. The type of hosting used by the AppGateway. | [optional] 
**labels** | **{String: String}** | Optional. Resource labels to represent user provided metadata. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | Required. Unique resource name of the AppGateway. The name is ignored when creating an AppGateway. | [optional] 
**state** | **String** | Output only. The current state of the AppGateway. | [optional] [readonly] 
**type** | **String** | Required. The type of network connectivity used by the AppGateway. | [optional] 
**uid** | **String** | Output only. A unique identifier for the instance generated by the system. | [optional] [readonly] 
**updateTime** | **String** | Output only. Timestamp when the resource was last modified. | [optional] [readonly] 
**uri** | **String** | Output only. Server-defined URI for this resource. | [optional] [readonly] 



## Enum: HostTypeEnum


* `HOST_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"HOST_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `GCP_REGIONAL_MIG` (value: `"GCP_REGIONAL_MIG"`)





## Enum: StateEnum


* `STATE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"STATE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `CREATING` (value: `"CREATING"`)

* `CREATED` (value: `"CREATED"`)

* `UPDATING` (value: `"UPDATING"`)

* `DELETING` (value: `"DELETING"`)

* `DOWN` (value: `"DOWN"`)





## Enum: TypeEnum


* `TYPE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"TYPE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `TCP_PROXY` (value: `"TCP_PROXY"`)




