# BeyondCorpApi.GoogleCloudBeyondcorpAppconnectionsV1AppConnection

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**applicationEndpoint** | [**GoogleCloudBeyondcorpAppconnectionsV1AppConnectionApplicationEndpoint**](GoogleCloudBeyondcorpAppconnectionsV1AppConnectionApplicationEndpoint.md) |  | [optional] 
**connectors** | **[String]** | Optional. List of [google.cloud.beyondcorp.v1main.Connector.name] that are authorised to be associated with this AppConnection. | [optional] 
**createTime** | **String** | Output only. Timestamp when the resource was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**displayName** | **String** | Optional. An arbitrary user-provided name for the AppConnection. Cannot exceed 64 characters. | [optional] 
**gateway** | [**GoogleCloudBeyondcorpAppconnectionsV1AppConnectionGateway**](GoogleCloudBeyondcorpAppconnectionsV1AppConnectionGateway.md) |  | [optional] 
**labels** | **{String: String}** | Optional. Resource labels to represent user provided metadata. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | Required. Unique resource name of the AppConnection. The name is ignored when creating a AppConnection. | [optional] 
**state** | **String** | Output only. The current state of the AppConnection. | [optional] [readonly] 
**type** | **String** | Required. The type of network connectivity used by the AppConnection. | [optional] 
**uid** | **String** | Output only. A unique identifier for the instance generated by the system. | [optional] [readonly] 
**updateTime** | **String** | Output only. Timestamp when the resource was last modified. | [optional] [readonly] 



## Enum: StateEnum


* `STATE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"STATE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `CREATING` (value: `"CREATING"`)

* `CREATED` (value: `"CREATED"`)

* `UPDATING` (value: `"UPDATING"`)

* `DELETING` (value: `"DELETING"`)

* `DOWN` (value: `"DOWN"`)





## Enum: TypeEnum


* `TYPE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"TYPE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `TCP_PROXY` (value: `"TCP_PROXY"`)




