# ContainerAnalysisApi.ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1Build

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**approval** | [**ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1BuildApproval**](ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1BuildApproval.md) |  | [optional] 
**artifacts** | [**ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1Artifacts**](ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1Artifacts.md) |  | [optional] 
**availableSecrets** | [**ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1Secrets**](ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1Secrets.md) |  | [optional] 
**buildTriggerId** | **String** | Output only. The ID of the &#x60;BuildTrigger&#x60; that triggered this build, if it was triggered automatically. | [optional] [readonly] 
**createTime** | **String** | Output only. Time at which the request to create the build was received. | [optional] [readonly] 
**failureInfo** | [**ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1BuildFailureInfo**](ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1BuildFailureInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**finishTime** | **String** | Output only. Time at which execution of the build was finished. The difference between finish_time and start_time is the duration of the build&#39;s execution. | [optional] [readonly] 
**id** | **String** | Output only. Unique identifier of the build. | [optional] [readonly] 
**images** | **[String]** | A list of images to be pushed upon the successful completion of all build steps. The images are pushed using the builder service account&#39;s credentials. The digests of the pushed images will be stored in the &#x60;Build&#x60; resource&#39;s results field. If any of the images fail to be pushed, the build status is marked &#x60;FAILURE&#x60;. | [optional] 
**logUrl** | **String** | Output only. URL to logs for this build in Google Cloud Console. | [optional] [readonly] 
**logsBucket** | **String** | Cloud Storage bucket where logs should be written (see [Bucket Name Requirements](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/bucket-naming#requirements)). Logs file names will be of the format &#x60;${logs_bucket}/log-${build_id}.txt&#x60;. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | Output only. The &#39;Build&#39; name with format: &#x60;projects/{project}/locations/{location}/builds/{build}&#x60;, where {build} is a unique identifier generated by the service. | [optional] [readonly] 
**options** | [**ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1BuildOptions**](ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1BuildOptions.md) |  | [optional] 
**projectId** | **String** | Output only. ID of the project. | [optional] [readonly] 
**queueTtl** | **String** | TTL in queue for this build. If provided and the build is enqueued longer than this value, the build will expire and the build status will be &#x60;EXPIRED&#x60;. The TTL starts ticking from create_time. | [optional] 
**results** | [**ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1Results**](ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1Results.md) |  | [optional] 
**secrets** | [**[ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1Secret]**](ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1Secret.md) | Secrets to decrypt using Cloud Key Management Service. Note: Secret Manager is the recommended technique for managing sensitive data with Cloud Build. Use &#x60;available_secrets&#x60; to configure builds to access secrets from Secret Manager. For instructions, see: https://cloud.google.com/cloud-build/docs/securing-builds/use-secrets | [optional] 
**serviceAccount** | **String** | IAM service account whose credentials will be used at build runtime. Must be of the format &#x60;projects/{PROJECT_ID}/serviceAccounts/{ACCOUNT}&#x60;. ACCOUNT can be email address or uniqueId of the service account.  | [optional] 
**source** | [**ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1Source**](ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1Source.md) |  | [optional] 
**sourceProvenance** | [**ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1SourceProvenance**](ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1SourceProvenance.md) |  | [optional] 
**startTime** | **String** | Output only. Time at which execution of the build was started. | [optional] [readonly] 
**status** | **String** | Output only. Status of the build. | [optional] [readonly] 
**statusDetail** | **String** | Output only. Customer-readable message about the current status. | [optional] [readonly] 
**steps** | [**[ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1BuildStep]**](ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1BuildStep.md) | Required. The operations to be performed on the workspace. | [optional] 
**substitutions** | **{String: String}** | Substitutions data for &#x60;Build&#x60; resource. | [optional] 
**tags** | **[String]** | Tags for annotation of a &#x60;Build&#x60;. These are not docker tags. | [optional] 
**timeout** | **String** | Amount of time that this build should be allowed to run, to second granularity. If this amount of time elapses, work on the build will cease and the build status will be &#x60;TIMEOUT&#x60;. &#x60;timeout&#x60; starts ticking from &#x60;startTime&#x60;. Default time is 60 minutes. | [optional] 
**timing** | [**{String: ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1TimeSpan}**](ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1TimeSpan.md) | Output only. Stores timing information for phases of the build. Valid keys are: * BUILD: time to execute all build steps. * PUSH: time to push all artifacts including docker images and non docker artifacts. * FETCHSOURCE: time to fetch source. * SETUPBUILD: time to set up build. If the build does not specify source or images, these keys will not be included. | [optional] [readonly] 
**warnings** | [**[ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1BuildWarning]**](ContaineranalysisGoogleDevtoolsCloudbuildV1BuildWarning.md) | Output only. Non-fatal problems encountered during the execution of the build. | [optional] [readonly] 



## Enum: StatusEnum


* `STATUS_UNKNOWN` (value: `"STATUS_UNKNOWN"`)

* `PENDING` (value: `"PENDING"`)

* `QUEUED` (value: `"QUEUED"`)

* `WORKING` (value: `"WORKING"`)

* `SUCCESS` (value: `"SUCCESS"`)

* `FAILURE` (value: `"FAILURE"`)

* `INTERNAL_ERROR` (value: `"INTERNAL_ERROR"`)

* `TIMEOUT` (value: `"TIMEOUT"`)

* `CANCELLED` (value: `"CANCELLED"`)

* `EXPIRED` (value: `"EXPIRED"`)




