# C++ Qt API client

# 

Square Connect API

- API version: 2.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0

Client library for accessing the Square Connect APIs

  For more information, please visit [https://squareup.com/developers](https://squareup.com/developers)

*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIApplePayApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
    OAIRegisterDomainRequest create();
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIApplePayApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

OAIRegisterDomainRequest Example::create(){
    OAIRegisterDomainRequest obj;
 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIApplePayApi apiInstance;
     
      //OAuth Authentication supported right now

      QEventLoop loop;
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIApplePayApi::registerDomainSignal, [&]() {
          loop.quit();
      });
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIApplePayApi::registerDomainSignalE, [&](QNetworkReply::NetworkError, QString error_str) {
          qDebug() << "Error happened while issuing request : " << error_str;
          loop.quit();
      });

      OAIRegisterDomainRequest oai_register_domain_request = create(); // OAIRegisterDomainRequest | An object containing the fields to POST for the request.  See the corresponding object definition for field details.
      apiInstance.registerDomain(oai_register_domain_request);
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### oauth2


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: accessCode
- **Authorization URL**: https://connect.squareup.com/oauth2/authorize
- **Scopes**: 
  - APPOINTMENTS_BUSINESS_SETTINGS_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;  Grants read access to booking business settings. For example, to call the ListTeamMemberBookingProfiles endpoint.
  - APPOINTMENTS_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;, &#x60;POST&#x60;  Grants read access to booking information. For example, to call the RetrieveBooking endpoint.
  - APPOINTMENTS_WRITE: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Grants write access to booking information. For example, to call the CreateBooking endpoint.
  - BANK_ACCOUNTS_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;  Grants read access to bank account information associated with the targeted Square account. For example, to call the Connect v1 ListBankAccounts endpoint.
  - CASH_DRAWER_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;  Grants read access to cash drawer shift information. For example, to call the ListCashDrawerShifts endpoint.
  - CUSTOMERS_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;  Grants read access to customer information. For example, to call the ListCustomers endpoint.
  - CUSTOMERS_WRITE: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Grants write access to customer information. For example, to create and update customer profiles.
  - DEVICE_CREDENTIAL_MANAGEMENT: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;GET&#x60;  Grants read/write access to device credentials information. For example, to call the CreateDeviceCode endpoint.
  - DISPUTES_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;  Grants read access to dispute information. For example, to call the RetrieveDispute endpoint.
  - DISPUTES_WRITE: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Grants write access to dispute information. For example, to call the SubmitEvidence endpoint.
  - EMPLOYEES_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;  Grants read access to employee profile information. For example, to call the Connect v1 Employees API.
  - EMPLOYEES_WRITE: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Grants write access to employee profile information. For example, to create and modify employee profiles.
  - GIFTCARDS_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;, &#x60;POST&#x60;  Grants read access to gift card information. For example, to call the RetrieveGiftCard endpoint.
  - GIFTCARDS_WRITE: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Grants write access to gift card information. For example, to call the CreateGiftCard endpoint.
  - INVENTORY_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;  Grants read access to inventory information. For example, to call the RetrieveInventoryCount endpoint.
  - INVENTORY_WRITE: __HTTP Method__:  &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Grants write access to inventory information. For example, to call the BatchChangeInventory endpoint.
  - INVOICES_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;, &#x60;POST&#x60;  Grants read access to invoice information. For example, to call the ListInvoices endpoint.
  - INVOICES_WRITE: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Grants write access to invoice information. For example, to call the CreateInvoice endpoint.
  - ITEMS_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;  Grants read access to business and location information. For example, to obtain a location ID for subsequent activity.
  - ITEMS_WRITE: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Grants write access to product catalog information. For example, to modify or add to a product catalog.
  - LOYALTY_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;  Grants read access to loyalty information. For example, to call the ListLoyaltyPrograms endpoint.
  - LOYALTY_WRITE: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Grants write access to loyalty information. For example, to call the CreateLoyaltyAccount endpoint.
  - MERCHANT_PROFILE_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;  Grants read access to business and location information. For example, to obtain a location ID for subsequent activity.
  - MERCHANT_PROFILE_WRITE: *Originally missing*
  - ONLINE_STORE_SITE_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;, &#x60;POST&#x60;  Read access to ECOM online store site details.
  - ONLINE_STORE_SNIPPETS_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;, &#x60;POST&#x60;  Read access to ECOM online store snippets on published websites.
  - ONLINE_STORE_SNIPPETS_WRITE: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Write access to ECOM online store snippets on published websites.
  - ORDERS_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;  Grants read access to order information. For example, to call the BatchRetrieveOrders endpoint.
  - ORDERS_WRITE: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Grants write access to order information. For example, to call the CreateCheckout endpoint.
  - PAYMENTS_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;  Grants read access to transaction and refund information. For example, to call the RetrieveTransaction endpoint.
  - PAYMENTS_WRITE: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Grants write access to transaction and refunds information. For example, to process payments with the Payments or Checkout API.
  - PAYMENTS_WRITE_ADDITIONAL_RECIPIENTS: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Allow third party applications to deduct a portion of each transaction amount. __Required__ to use multiparty transaction functionality with the Payments API.
  - PAYMENTS_WRITE_IN_PERSON: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Grants write access to payments and refunds information. For example, to process in-person payments.
  - PAYMENTS_WRITE_SHARED_ONFILE: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Allows the developer to process payments on behalf of a seller using a shared on file payment method.
  - SETTLEMENTS_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;  Grants read access to settlement (deposit) information. For example, to call the Connect v1 ListSettlements endpoint.
  - SUBSCRIPTIONS_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;, &#x60;POST&#x60;  Grants read access to subscription information. For example, to call the RetrieveSubscription endpoint.
  - SUBSCRIPTIONS_WRITE: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Grants write access to subscription information. For example, to call the CreateSubscription endpoint.
  - TIMECARDS_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;  Grants read access to employee timecard information. For example, to call the Connect v2 SearchShifts endpoint.
  - TIMECARDS_SETTINGS_READ: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;GET&#x60;  Grants read access to employee timecard settings information. For example, to call the GetBreakType endpoint.
  - TIMECARDS_SETTINGS_WRITE: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Grants write access to employee timecard settings information. For example, to call the UpdateBreakType endpoint.
  - TIMECARDS_WRITE: __HTTP Method__: &#x60;POST&#x60;, &#x60;PUT&#x60;, &#x60;DELETE&#x60;  Grants write access to employee shift information. For example, to create and modify employee shifts.

### oauth2ClientSecret


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: Authorization
- **Location**: HTTP header


## Author

developers@squareup.com


## License

Apache 2.0 for more information visit [Apache 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)