# ManagementApi.Store

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**links** | [**Links**](Links.md) | Reference to resources connected with the store. | [optional] 
**address** | [**StoreLocation**](StoreLocation.md) | The address of the store. | [optional] 
**businessLineIds** | **[String]** | The unique identifiers of the [business lines](https://docs.adyen.com/api-explorer/#/legalentity/latest/post/businesslines__resParam_id) that the store is associated with.  If not specified, the business line of the merchant account is used. Required when there are multiple business lines under the merchant account. | [optional] 
**description** | **String** | The description of the store. | [optional] 
**externalReferenceId** | **String** | The unique identifier of the store, used by certain payment methods and tax authorities. Accepts up to 14 digits.  Required for CNPJ in Brazil, in the format 00.000.000/00git00-00 separated by dots, slashes, hyphens, or without separators.  Optional for Zip in Australia and SIRET in France, required except for nonprofit organizations and incorporated associations.   | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | The unique identifier of the store. This value is generated by Adyen. | [optional] 
**merchantId** | **String** | The unique identifier of the merchant account that the store belongs to. | [optional] 
**phoneNumber** | **String** | The phone number of the store, including &#39;+&#39; and country code in the [E.164](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E.164) format. If passed in a different format, we convert and validate the phone number against E.164.  | [optional] 
**reference** | **String** | A reference to recognize the store by. Also known as the store code.  Allowed characters: lowercase and uppercase letters without diacritics, numbers 0 through 9, hyphen (-), and underscore (_) | [optional] 
**shopperStatement** | **String** | The store name shown on the shopper&#39;s bank or credit card statement and on the shopper receipt. | [optional] 
**splitConfiguration** | [**StoreSplitConfiguration**](StoreSplitConfiguration.md) | Rules for Adyen for Platforms merchants to split the transaction amount and fees. | [optional] 
**status** | **String** | The status of the store. Possible values are:  - **active**. This value is assigned automatically when a store is created.  - **inactive**. The terminals under the store are blocked from accepting new transactions, but capturing outstanding transactions is still possible. - **closed**. This status is irreversible. The terminals under the store are reassigned to the merchant inventory. | [optional] 



## Enum: StatusEnum


* `active` (value: `"active"`)

* `closed` (value: `"closed"`)

* `inactive` (value: `"inactive"`)




