# openapi-java-client

ContentDepot
- API version: 2.0.0
  - Build date: 2024-10-12T09:56:41.535782-04:00[America/New_York]
  - Generator version: 7.9.0

ContentDepot hosts a range of API’s that allow clients to manage, discover, and obtain content. The API spans many parts of the ContentDepot functionality including MetaPub (a.k.a. metadata distribution) and content management.

## MetaPub

MetaPub collects, normalizes and distributes publicly available program, episode, and piece metadata through the public radio system. Backed by ContentDepot and its data model, MetaPub allows producers to supply metadata through various methods:

1. MetaPub Agents that collect producer metadata by \"crawling\" existing public feeds (e.g. C24, BBC) or the producer's production system (e.g. ATC, ME, TED Radio Hour).
2. Manually enter metadata in the ContentDepot Portal on each program and episode.
3. Publish/push the metadata to the MetaPub upload API and execute an ingest job.

MetaPub then distributes this data to stations through an electronic program guide (EPG model) for display on various listener devices such as smart phones, tablets, web streams, HD radios, RDBS enabled FM radios, and more. The EPG format is based on the RadioDNS specifications.

### RadioDNS

The RadioDNS Service and Programme Information Specification ([ETSI TS 102 818 v3.4.1](https://www.etsi.org/deliver/etsi_ts/102800_102899/102818/03.04.01_60/ts_102818v030401p.pdf)) defines three primary documents: Service Information, Program Information, and Group Information. These documents, along with the core RadioDNS Hybrid Lookup for Radio Services Specification ([ETSI TS 103 270 v1.4.1](https://www.etsi.org/deliver/etsi_ts/103200_103299/103270/01.04.01_60/ts_103270v010401p.pdf)), define a system where an end listener device can dynamically discover program metadata and fetch the metadata via Internet Protocol (IP) requests. MetaPub's use of RadioDNS differs slightly in that MetaPub (a.k.a PRSS) acts as the \"service provider\" while the stations and related middleware act as the end devices. While this is not the primary use case of RadioDNS, the flexibility in the specification, service definitions, and DNS resolution allows this model to be easily represented. MetaPub provides both _National Metadata_ and _Station Metadata_.

It is strongly recommended that the related [RadioDNS specifications](https://radiodns.org/developers/documentation/) be read for implementation details, definitions, and required XML schemas.

## ContentDepot Drive

ContentDepot Drive (CD Drive) provides a private, per customer file storage solution similar to other cloud storage solutions such as Google Drive, Box, and Dropbox. The CD Drive is used to stage content uploads such as metadata files, images, or segment audio before associating the content with specific programs or episodes.

CD Drive content can be referenced using a URI by some operations such as synchronizing metadata. There are two possible CD Drive URI formats supported: ID and hierarchical path. The ID reference takes the form ```cddrive:id:{value}``` where value is the integer ID of the file or folder being referenced. The hierarchical path reference takes the form ```cddrive://{path}``` where path is the full, UNIX style path to the file or folder starting with '/'. For example, two CD Drive URIs pointing to the same file may be ```cddrive:id:12345``` and ```cddrive:///show1/episode2/metadata.xml```. More information about URIs can be found at [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Resource_Identifier).

## Authentication

The API currently uses OAuth 2.0.  All operations require ```cd:full``` access where the client access is only limited by the permissions of the ContentDepot user after authentication. Limiting access scope per client is not currently supported.



*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.8+
2. Maven (3.8.3+)/Gradle (7.2+)

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
  <artifactId>openapi-java-client</artifactId>
  <version>2.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
  repositories {
    mavenCentral()     // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to maven central.
    mavenLocal()       // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to the local maven repo.
  }

  dependencies {
     implementation "org.openapitools:openapi-java-client:2.0.0"
  }
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

* `target/openapi-java-client-2.0.0.jar`
* `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java

// Import classes:
import org.openapitools.client.ApiClient;
import org.openapitools.client.ApiException;
import org.openapitools.client.Configuration;
import org.openapitools.client.auth.*;
import org.openapitools.client.model.*;
import org.openapitools.client.api.BroadcastServicesApi;

public class Example {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    ApiClient defaultClient = Configuration.getDefaultApiClient();
    defaultClient.setBasePath("http://localhost");
    
    // Configure OAuth2 access token for authorization: cd_oauth2
    OAuth cd_oauth2 = (OAuth) defaultClient.getAuthentication("cd_oauth2");
    cd_oauth2.setAccessToken("YOUR ACCESS TOKEN");

    BroadcastServicesApi apiInstance = new BroadcastServicesApi(defaultClient);
    Integer pageStart = 0; // Integer | The start page of the results to return. The first item is indexed at 0.
    Integer pageSize = 500; // Integer | The number of items to return. Must be between 0 and 500, inclusive.
    String orderById = "asc"; // String | The sort order of the list of broadcast services, based on broadcast service ID. If unspecified, the broadcast services are returned in random order. If using paging to iterate through the results, sort order should be specified.
    try {
      List<Episode> result = apiInstance.apiV2BroadcastservicesGet(pageStart, pageSize, orderById);
      System.out.println(result);
    } catch (ApiException e) {
      System.err.println("Exception when calling BroadcastServicesApi#apiV2BroadcastservicesGet");
      System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
      System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
      System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
      e.printStackTrace();
    }
  }
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*BroadcastServicesApi* | [**apiV2BroadcastservicesGet**](docs/BroadcastServicesApi.md#apiV2BroadcastservicesGet) | **GET** /api/v2/broadcastservices | Gets broadcast services matching the given criteria.
*BroadcastServicesApi* | [**apiV2BroadcastservicesIdGet**](docs/BroadcastServicesApi.md#apiV2BroadcastservicesIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/broadcastservices/{id} | Returns the broadcast service matching the given ID.
*CdDriveApi* | [**apiV2CddriveFilesContentPost**](docs/CdDriveApi.md#apiV2CddriveFilesContentPost) | **POST** /api/v2/cddrive/files/content | Upload a file.
*CdDriveApi* | [**apiV2CddriveFilesFileIdContentGet**](docs/CdDriveApi.md#apiV2CddriveFilesFileIdContentGet) | **GET** /api/v2/cddrive/files/{file-id}/content | UNDER DEVELOPMENT - Download a file.
*CdDriveApi* | [**apiV2CddriveFilesFileIdDelete**](docs/CdDriveApi.md#apiV2CddriveFilesFileIdDelete) | **DELETE** /api/v2/cddrive/files/{file-id} | Delete a file.
*CdDriveApi* | [**apiV2CddriveFilesFileIdGet**](docs/CdDriveApi.md#apiV2CddriveFilesFileIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/cddrive/files/{file-id} | Get file information.
*CdDriveApi* | [**apiV2CddriveFoldersFolderIdDelete**](docs/CdDriveApi.md#apiV2CddriveFoldersFolderIdDelete) | **DELETE** /api/v2/cddrive/folders/{folder-id} | UNDER DEVELOPMENT - Delete a folder.
*CdDriveApi* | [**apiV2CddriveFoldersFolderIdGet**](docs/CdDriveApi.md#apiV2CddriveFoldersFolderIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/cddrive/folders/{folder-id} | UNDER DEVELOPMENT - Get folder information.
*CdDriveApi* | [**apiV2CddriveFoldersFolderIdItemsGet**](docs/CdDriveApi.md#apiV2CddriveFoldersFolderIdItemsGet) | **GET** /api/v2/cddrive/folders/{folder-id}/items | Get the items in the folder.
*CdDriveApi* | [**apiV2CddriveFoldersPost**](docs/CdDriveApi.md#apiV2CddriveFoldersPost) | **POST** /api/v2/cddrive/folders | Create a folder.
*EpisodesApi* | [**apiV2EpisodesGet**](docs/EpisodesApi.md#apiV2EpisodesGet) | **GET** /api/v2/episodes | Gets episodes matching the given criteria.
*EpisodesApi* | [**apiV2EpisodesIdGet**](docs/EpisodesApi.md#apiV2EpisodesIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/episodes/{id} | Returns the episode matching the given ID.
*MetaPubApi* | [**apiV2MetapubProgramInformationBatchBatchIdGet**](docs/MetaPubApi.md#apiV2MetapubProgramInformationBatchBatchIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/metapub/program-information/batch/{batch-id} | Get an EPG batch operation.
*MetaPubApi* | [**apiV2MetapubProgramInformationBatchPost**](docs/MetaPubApi.md#apiV2MetapubProgramInformationBatchPost) | **POST** /api/v2/metapub/program-information/batch | Create a batch operation on EPG information.
*PiecesApi* | [**apiV2PiecesGet**](docs/PiecesApi.md#apiV2PiecesGet) | **GET** /api/v2/pieces | Returns the pieces matching the query parameters.
*PiecesApi* | [**apiV2PiecesIdDelete**](docs/PiecesApi.md#apiV2PiecesIdDelete) | **DELETE** /api/v2/pieces/{id} | Deletes the piece with the given ID.
*PiecesApi* | [**apiV2PiecesIdGet**](docs/PiecesApi.md#apiV2PiecesIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/pieces/{id} | Returns the piece matching the given ID.
*PiecesApi* | [**apiV2PiecesPost**](docs/PiecesApi.md#apiV2PiecesPost) | **POST** /api/v2/pieces | Create a new piece.
*ProgramsApi* | [**apiV2ProgramsIdGet**](docs/ProgramsApi.md#apiV2ProgramsIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/programs/{id} | Returns the program matching the given ID.
*ProgramsApi* | [**apiV2ProgramsSearchGet**](docs/ProgramsApi.md#apiV2ProgramsSearchGet) | **GET** /api/v2/programs/search | Optimized free-text search for programs using various filters.
*RadioDnsApi* | [**radiodnsSpi31GIXmlGet**](docs/RadioDnsApi.md#radiodnsSpi31GIXmlGet) | **GET** /radiodns/spi/3.1/GI.xml | Get the group information document.
*RadioDnsApi* | [**radiodnsSpi31IdFqdnSidDatePIXmlGet**](docs/RadioDnsApi.md#radiodnsSpi31IdFqdnSidDatePIXmlGet) | **GET** /radiodns/spi/3.1/id/{fqdn}/{sid}/{date}_PI.xml | Get the program information document.
*RadioDnsApi* | [**radiodnsSpi31SIXmlGet**](docs/RadioDnsApi.md#radiodnsSpi31SIXmlGet) | **GET** /radiodns/spi/3.1/SI.xml | Get the service information document.
*SegmentsApi* | [**apiV2SegmentsGet**](docs/SegmentsApi.md#apiV2SegmentsGet) | **GET** /api/v2/segments | Returns the segments matching the query parameters.
*SegmentsApi* | [**apiV2SegmentsIdContentGet**](docs/SegmentsApi.md#apiV2SegmentsIdContentGet) | **GET** /api/v2/segments/{id}/content | UNDER DEVELOPMENT - Returns the audio content segment matching the given ID.
*SegmentsApi* | [**apiV2SegmentsIdDelete**](docs/SegmentsApi.md#apiV2SegmentsIdDelete) | **DELETE** /api/v2/segments/{id} | Deletes the segment with the given ID.
*SegmentsApi* | [**apiV2SegmentsIdGet**](docs/SegmentsApi.md#apiV2SegmentsIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/segments/{id} | Returns the segment matching the given ID.
*SegmentsApi* | [**apiV2SegmentsPost**](docs/SegmentsApi.md#apiV2SegmentsPost) | **POST** /api/v2/segments | Creates a new segment.
*SpotInsertionsApi* | [**apiV2SpotinsertionsGet**](docs/SpotInsertionsApi.md#apiV2SpotinsertionsGet) | **GET** /api/v2/spotinsertions | Returns the spot insertions matching the query parameters.
*SpotInsertionsApi* | [**apiV2SpotinsertionsIdDelete**](docs/SpotInsertionsApi.md#apiV2SpotinsertionsIdDelete) | **DELETE** /api/v2/spotinsertions/{id} | Deletes the spot insertion with the given ID.
*SpotInsertionsApi* | [**apiV2SpotinsertionsIdGet**](docs/SpotInsertionsApi.md#apiV2SpotinsertionsIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/spotinsertions/{id} | Returns the spot insertion matching the given ID.
*SpotInsertionsApi* | [**apiV2SpotinsertionsPost**](docs/SpotInsertionsApi.md#apiV2SpotinsertionsPost) | **POST** /api/v2/spotinsertions | Creates a new spot insertion.
*SpotsApi* | [**apiV2SpotsGet**](docs/SpotsApi.md#apiV2SpotsGet) | **GET** /api/v2/spots | Returns the spots matching the query parameters.
*SpotsApi* | [**apiV2SpotsIdDelete**](docs/SpotsApi.md#apiV2SpotsIdDelete) | **DELETE** /api/v2/spots/{id} | Deletes the spot with the given ID.
*SpotsApi* | [**apiV2SpotsIdGet**](docs/SpotsApi.md#apiV2SpotsIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/spots/{id} | Returns the spot matching the given ID.
*SpotsApi* | [**apiV2SpotsPost**](docs/SpotsApi.md#apiV2SpotsPost) | **POST** /api/v2/spots | Creates a new spot.


## Documentation for Models

 - [ApiV2CddriveFoldersFolderIdItemsGet200Response](docs/ApiV2CddriveFoldersFolderIdItemsGet200Response.md)
 - [ApiV2MetapubProgramInformationBatchPostRequest](docs/ApiV2MetapubProgramInformationBatchPostRequest.md)
 - [ApiV2MetapubProgramInformationBatchPostRequestProgram](docs/ApiV2MetapubProgramInformationBatchPostRequestProgram.md)
 - [BroadcastService](docs/BroadcastService.md)
 - [CDDriveFile](docs/CDDriveFile.md)
 - [CDDriveFolder](docs/CDDriveFolder.md)
 - [CDDriveItem](docs/CDDriveItem.md)
 - [Episode](docs/Episode.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [Piece](docs/Piece.md)
 - [Program](docs/Program.md)
 - [ProgramInformationBatch](docs/ProgramInformationBatch.md)
 - [ProgramInformationBatchProgram](docs/ProgramInformationBatchProgram.md)
 - [Segment](docs/Segment.md)
 - [Spot](docs/Spot.md)
 - [SpotInsertion](docs/SpotInsertion.md)


<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
<a id="cd_oauth2"></a>
### cd_oauth2

- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: accessCode
- **Authorization URL**: /api/oauth2/authorize
- **Scopes**: 
  - cd:full: Full access to the ContentDepot account


## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author



