# openapi-js-client

OpenapiJsClient - JavaScript client for openapi-js-client
<strong>GoDaddy Abuse API Terms of Use:</strong><p>GoDaddy’s Abuse API is provided to simplify and standardize the abuse reporting experience. To help us streamline the review of abuse reports, you acknowledge and agree that your use of GoDaddy’s Abuse API is subject to the following quality metrics and terms of use.</p><p>GoDaddy may, in its sole and absolute discretion, change or modify these terms, and such changes or modifications shall be effective immediately upon notice to you. Your use of GoDaddy’s Abuse API after such changes or modifications shall constitute your acceptance of these terms as last revised. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms as last revised, do not use (or continue to use) our Abuse API.</p><p>As an Abuse API user, you must only submit abuse reports via the API portal and cease all email submissions, including but not limited, to phishing@godaddy.com, netabuse@godaddy.com, malware@godaddy.com, or spam@godaddy.com, etc.  Any additional or duplicate submission outside of the API portal will be deprioritized for review. Submissions related to trademark, copyright or content issues may still be sent to trademarkclaims@godaddy.com, coyprightclaims@godaddy.com, and contentcomplaints@godaddy.com, respectively. Our [Front of Site](https://supportcenter.godaddy.com/AbuseReport) also describes other scenarios not covered by the API.</p><p>When you submit abuse reports via GoDaddy’s Abuse API, you must ensure that you accurately categorize the abuse type of each report to match our definitions in the API documentations provided to you. Any submission that fails to match our definitions or is miscategorized will be marked as a false positive. Examples include, but are not limited to, submissions of trademark complaints marked as phishing or malware, or submissions of copyright complaints marked as phishing or malware, etc.</p><p>If, at any time, the false positive rate of submissions exceeds 40% of your total submissions, as determined by GoDaddy, GoDaddy may in its sole discretion deprioritize any subsequent reports submitted by you and/or your organization.</p><p>You acknowledge and agree that submitting every URL for a single domain is not necessary and will not expedite the review process. If your submissions exceed five (5) URLs for a single domain, your report will be marked as a duplicate submission taking into account that the final outcome of such submissions would yield the same result as the original report. GoDaddy may in its sole discretion deprioritize reports submitted by you and/or your organization in the event more than 20% of your submissions are classified as duplicate submissions.</p><p>You further acknowledge and agree that our Customer Support lines are not intended to address abuse reporting matters or your use of GoDaddy’s Abuse API. Contacting Customer Support will not expedite the review process and may result in abuse reports being deprioritized, to be determined in our sole discretion.</p><p>Should you have any questions about GoDaddy’s Abuse API or any of the terms and conditions set forth above, please contact abuseapisupport@godaddy.com.</p>
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install openapi-js-client --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your openapi-js-client from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var OpenapiJsClient = require('openapi-js-client');


var api = new OpenapiJsClient.V1Api()
var abuseTicketCreate = new OpenapiJsClient.AbuseTicketCreate(); // {AbuseTicketCreate} The endpoint which allows the Reporter to create a new abuse ticket
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully.');
  }
};
api.createTicket(abuseTicketCreate, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://api.ote-godaddy.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*OpenapiJsClient.V1Api* | [**createTicket**](docs/V1Api.md#createTicket) | **POST** /v1/abuse/tickets | Create a new abuse ticket
*OpenapiJsClient.V1Api* | [**getTicketInfo**](docs/V1Api.md#getTicketInfo) | **GET** /v1/abuse/tickets/{ticketId} | Return the abuse ticket data for a given ticket id
*OpenapiJsClient.V1Api* | [**getTickets**](docs/V1Api.md#getTickets) | **GET** /v1/abuse/tickets | List all abuse tickets ids that match user provided filters


## Documentation for Models

 - [OpenapiJsClient.AbuseTicket](docs/AbuseTicket.md)
 - [OpenapiJsClient.AbuseTicketCreate](docs/AbuseTicketCreate.md)
 - [OpenapiJsClient.AbuseTicketId](docs/AbuseTicketId.md)
 - [OpenapiJsClient.AbuseTicketList](docs/AbuseTicketList.md)
 - [OpenapiJsClient.Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [OpenapiJsClient.ErrorField](docs/ErrorField.md)
 - [OpenapiJsClient.Pagination](docs/Pagination.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

