# openapi-java-client

U.S. EPA Enforcement and Compliance History Online (ECHO) - Enforcement Case Search
- API version: 1.0.0
  - Build date: 2024-10-12T12:30:29.206417-04:00[America/New_York]
  - Generator version: 7.9.0

Enforcement and Compliance History Online (ECHO) is a tool developed and maintained by EPA's Office of Enforcement and Compliance Assurance for public use. ECHO provides integrated compliance and enforcement information for over 1 million regulated facilities nationwide.
 CASE Rest Services provide multiple service endpoints, each with specific capabilities, to search and retrieve data on civil cases entered into the 
Integrated Compliance Information System (ICIS) and criminal cases entered into the Summary of Criminal Prosecutions database.  
See Enforcement Case Search Help (https://echo.epa.gov/help/enforcement-case-search-help) for additional information on searching civil and criminal cases. 
\\
The get_cases, get_map, get_qid, and get_download end points are meant to be used together, while the enhanced get_case_info end point is self contained..   
The recommended use scenario for get_cases, get_qid, get_map, and get_downoad is:
\\
 <b>1)</b>  Use get_cases to validate passed query parameters, obtain summary statistics and to obtain a query_id (QID).  QIDs are time sensitive and will be valid for approximately 30 minutes.
 <b>2)</b>  Use get_qid, with the returned QID, to paginate through arrays of case results.
 <b>3)</b>  Use get_map, with the returned QID, to zoom in/out and pan on the clustered and individual facility coordinates, related to the returned cases, that meet the QID query criteria.
 <b>4)</b>  Use get_download, with the returned QID, to generate a Comma Separated Value (CSV) file of facility information that meets the QID query criteria.
\\
In addition to the service endpoints listed above there are two detailed case report services, one for civil cases (get_case_report) and one for criminal cases (get_crcase_report). 
See the Civil Enforcement Case Report Help (https://echo.epa.gov/help/reports/enforcement-case-report-help) and the Criminal Case Report Help (https://echo.epa.gov/help/reports/criminal-case-report-help) for additional information 
on then data returned from these two services.   
\\
Additional ECHO Resources:   <a href=\"https://echo.epa.gov/tools/web-services\">Web Services</a>, <a href=\"https://echo.epa.gov/resources/echo-data/about-the-data\">About ECHO's Data</a>, <a href=\"https://echo.epa.gov/tools/data-downloads\">Data Downloads</a>
 


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.8+
2. Maven (3.8.3+)/Gradle (7.2+)

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
  <artifactId>openapi-java-client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
  repositories {
    mavenCentral()     // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to maven central.
    mavenLocal()       // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to the local maven repo.
  }

  dependencies {
     implementation "org.openapitools:openapi-java-client:1.0.0"
  }
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

* `target/openapi-java-client-1.0.0.jar`
* `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java

// Import classes:
import org.openapitools.client.ApiClient;
import org.openapitools.client.ApiException;
import org.openapitools.client.Configuration;
import org.openapitools.client.model.*;
import org.openapitools.client.api.CaseEnforcementApi;

public class Example {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    ApiClient defaultClient = Configuration.getDefaultApiClient();
    defaultClient.setBasePath("https://echodata.epa.gov/echo");

    CaseEnforcementApi apiInstance = new CaseEnforcementApi(defaultClient);
    String output = "JSONP"; // String | Output Format Flag.  Enter one of the following keywords: - JSON = Data model formatted as Javascript Object Notation (default). - JSONP = Data model formatted as Javascript Object Notation with Padding.   - XML = Data model formatted as Extensible Markup Language.
    String pCaseCategory = "pCaseCategory_example"; // String | Case Category Filter.  Enter one or more case category codes to filter results.   Provide multiple values as a comma-delimited list. - AFR = Administrative - Formal - AIF = Administrative - Informal - JDC = Judicial
    String pCaseStatus = "pCaseStatus_example"; // String | Case Status Code Filter.  Enter one or more case status codes to limit results.  Provide multiple values as a comma-delimited list.
    String pMilestone = "pMilestone_example"; // String | Administrative or Judicial Milestone Filter.  Enter one or milestone values to restrict results.  Provide multiple values as a comma-delimited list.
    String pFromDate = "pFromDate_example"; // String | Administrative or Judicial Milestone Date Range Start Limiter.  Enter a date value in MM/DD/YYYY format to limit milestone results.  Parameter p_to_date must also be populated when using this parameter option.
    String pToDate = "pToDate_example"; // String | Administrative or Judicial Milestone Date Range End Limiter.  Enter a date value in MM/DD/YYYY format to limit milestone results.  Parameter p_from_date must also be populated when using this parameter option.
    String pMilestoneFy = "pMilestoneFy_example"; // String | Administrative or Judicial Milestone Fiscal Year Limiter.  Enter a single fiscal year value to limit milestone searches to a given fiscal year.
    String pName = "pName_example"; // String | Case Name Filter.  Enter one or more case names to restrict results.  Provide multiple values as a comma-delimited list.  When using this parameter the p_name_type parameter is required.
    String pNameType = "pNameType_example"; // String | Case Name Filter Modifier.
    String pCaseNumber = "pCaseNumber_example"; // String | Case Number Filter.  Enter one or more case numbers to restrict results.  Provide multiple values as a comma-delimited list.
    String pDocketNumber = "pDocketNumber_example"; // String | DOJ Docket Number Filter.  Enter a single docket number or partial docket number to restrict results.  Use \"%\" as a wildcard for more complex filtering.
    String pCourtDocketNumber = "pCourtDocketNumber_example"; // String | 
    String pActivityNumber = "pActivityNumber_example"; // String | Case Activity Number Filter.  Enter a single case activity number to filter results.
    String pCaseLead = "E"; // String | Case Lead Limiter.  Enter E or S to limit results. - E = EPA is the case lead. - S = The state is the case lead.
    String pCaseSensFlg = "pCaseSensFlg_example"; // String | Case Sensitive Data Flag.  Enter a Y or N to include or exclude cases with sensitive data.
    String pRegion = "01"; // String | EPA Region Filter. Provide a single value of 01 thru 10 to restrict results to a single EPA region.
    String pState = "pState_example"; // String | Case Location State Filter.  Enter one or more state USPS postal codes to filter results.  Provide multiple values as a comma-delimited list.
    String pDistrict = "pDistrict_example"; // String | Case Location Court District Limiter.  Enter a single state court district code to limit results.
    String pSic = "pSic_example"; // String | Standard Industrial Classification (SIC) Code Filter.  Enter a single 4-digit SIC Code to filter results.
    String pSicAoNaics = "AND"; // String | Case Location SIC/NAICS And/Or Modifier.  Enter either AND or OR to govern the search logic of SIC and NAICS codes. - AND = Search will return results having both the provided SIC code(s) and provided NAICS code(s). - OR = Search will return results having either the provided SIC code(s) or the provided NAICS code(s).
    String pSicPrimaryFlg = "Y"; // String | Case Location Primary SIC Flag.  Enter Y to limit SIC search results to primary SIC codes only.
    String pSicFrsFlg = "Y"; // String | Case Location Extended FRS SIC Search Flag.  Enter Y to expand SIC search to include Federal Registry Service datasets.
    String pNaics = "pNaics_example"; // String | North American Industry Classification System Filter. Enter two to six digits to filter results to facilities having matching NAICS codes.  Digits less than six will match to all codes beginning with the provided values.
    String pNaicsPrimaryFlg = "Y"; // String | Case Location Primary NAICS Flag.  Enter Y to limit NAICS search results to primary NAICS codes only.
    String pNaicsFrsFlg = "Y"; // String | Case Location Extended FRS NAICS Search Flag.  Enter Y to expand NAICS search to include Federal Registry Service datasets.
    String pEnfType = "pEnfType_example"; // String | Case Enforcement Type Filter. Enter one or more case enforcement type codes to limit results.  Provide multiple values as a comma-delimited list.
    String pLaw = "pLaw_example"; // String | Law Statute Code Filter.  Enter a single statute code to limit results.
    String pSection = "pSection_example"; // String | Law Section Code Filter. Enter one or more law section codes to limit results.  Provide multiple values as a comma-delimited list.
    String pCpCitation = "pCpCitation_example"; // String | Law Section Code Filter Alternative. Enter a single law section code to limit results.  This parameter accepts partial codes and allows for advanced search modifiers.
    String pRankOrder = "1"; // String | Law Status Rank Order Limiter.  Enter a single integer rank order to limit results.
    String pEnfProgram = "pEnfProgram_example"; // String | Enforcement Program Code Limiter.  Enter one or more enforcement program codes to limit results.  Provide multiple values as a comma-delimited list.  
    String pViolation = "pViolation_example"; // String | Violation Type Code Filter.  Enter one or more violation type codes to limit results.  Provide multiple values as a comma-delimited list.
    String pPriorityArea = "pPriorityArea_example"; // String | Case Priority Area Filter.  Enter one or more case priority areas to limit results.  Provide multiple values as a comma-delimited list.
    String pPriorityAreaDesc = "pPriorityAreaDesc_example"; // String | Case Priority Area Description Filter.  Enter a single case priority area description or partial case priority area description to limit results.  Use \"%\" as a wild-card match for more complex searches.
    String pTribal = "Y"; // String | Case Location Tribal Land Flag.  Enter Y or N to include or disallow cases on tribal land.
    String pOecaCore = "Y"; // String | OECA Core Program Flag.  Enter Y or N to include or exclude core program cases.
    String pMultimedia = "Y"; // String | Enforcement Multimedia Case Flag.  Enter Y or N to include or exclude multimedia cases.
    String pFedCase = "Y"; // String | Federal Facility Involvement Flag.  Enter a Y or N to include or exclude cases involving federal facilities.
    String pActivityContact = "pActivityContact_example"; // String | Activity Contact Last Name Filter.  Enter a single last name or partial last name to filter results.  Use \"%\" as a wild-card for advanced searching.
    String pRole = "pRole_example"; // String | Activity Contact Role Code Filter.  Enter a single role code to restrict results.
    String pFedPenalty = "ANY"; // String | Federal Penalty Assessed Amount Filter.  Provide one of the following keywords to restrict results. - ANY = cases with any penalty amount. - LE5000 = cases with penalty amount less than or equal to $5,000. - GT5000 = cases with penalty amount more than $5,000. - GT50000 = cases with penalty amount more than $50,000. - GT100000 = cases with penalty amount more than $100,000. - GT500000 = cases with penalty amount more than $500,000. - GT1000000 = cases with penalty amount more than $1,000,000. - GT2500000 = cases with penalty amount more than $2,500,000.
    String pTotalFedPenalty = "pTotalFedPenalty_example"; // String | Total Federal Penalty Limiter.  Enter a keyword value to limit results to cases with given total federal penalties. - ANY = Cases with any federal penalty greater than zero. - LEXX = Replacing XX with a dollar value, return cases with federal penalty less than or equal to the given amount. - GTXX = Replacing XX with a dollar value, return cases with federal penalty greater than the given amount.
    String pCostRecovery = "pCostRecovery_example"; // String | Cost Recovery Awarded Amount Limiter.  Enter a keyword value to limit results to cases with given cost recovery amounts. - ANY = Cases with any cost recovery amount greater than zero. - LEXX = Replacing XX with a dollar value, return cases with cost recovery amount less than or equal to the given amount. - GTXX = Replacing XX with a dollar value, return cases with cost recovery amount greater than the given amount.
    String pTotalCostRecovery = "pTotalCostRecovery_example"; // String | Total Cost Recovery Amount Limiter.  Enter a keyword value to limit results to cases with given cost recovery amounts. - ANY = Cases with any cost recovery amount greater than zero. - LEXX = Replacing XX with a dollar value, return cases with cost recovery amount less than or equal to the given amount. - GTXX = Replacing XX with a dollar value, return cases with cost recovery amount greater than the given amount.
    String pComplyingActions = "pComplyingActions_example"; // String | Complying Actions Type Code Limiter.  Enter one or more complying action codes to restrict results.  Provide multiple values as a comma-delimited list.
    String pCompActVal = "ANY"; // String | Compliance Action Cost Limiter. Enter a keyword value to limit results to cases with given compliance cost amounts. - ANY = Cases with any compliance cost amount greater than zero. - LEXX = Replacing XX with a dollar value, return cases with compliance cost amount less than or equal to the given amount. - GTXX = Replacing XX with a dollar value, return cases with compliance cost amount greater than the given amount.
    String pTotalCompActVal = "pTotalCompActVal_example"; // String | Total Compliance Action Amount Limiter.  Enter a keyword value to limit results to cases with given total compliance action amounts. - ANY = Cases with any total compliance action amount greater than zero. - LEXX = Replacing XX with a dollar value, return cases with total compliance action amount less than or equal to the given amount. - GTXX = Replacing XX with a dollar value, return cases with total compliance action amount greater than the given amount.
    String pSepCats = "pSepCats_example"; // String | Supplemental Environmental Projects Activity Category Code Limiter.  Provide one or more SEP activity category codes to limit results.  Provide multiple values as a comma-delimited list.
    String pSepVal = "ANY"; // String | Supplemental Environmental Projects Activity Value Limiter.  Provide a keyword to limit results. - ANY = return cases with any SEP activity amount. - LE10000 = return cases with SEP activity amount less than or equal to $10,000. - GT10000 = return cases with SEP activity amount greater than $10,000. - GT50000 = return cases with SEP activity amount greater than $50,000. - GT100000 = return cases with SEP activity amount greater than $100,000. - GT500000 = return cases with SEP activity amount greater than $500,000. - GT1000000 = return cases with SEP activity amount greater than $1,000,000.
    String pTotalSepVal = "pTotalSepVal_example"; // String | Supplemental Environmental Projects Total Value Limiter.  Provide a keyword to limit results. - ANY = return cases with any SEP total amount. - LE10000 = return cases with SEP total amount less than or equal to $10,000. - GT10000 = return cases with SEP total amount greater than $10,000. - GT50000 = return cases with SEP total amount greater than $50,000. - GT100000 = return cases with SEP total amount greater than $100,000. - GT500000 = return cases with SEP total amount greater than $500,000. - GT1000000 = return cases with SEP total amount greater than $1,000,000.
    String pLodgedDate = "pLodgedDate_example"; // String | Settlement Lodged Date Limiter.  Enter a single settlement lodged date in MM/DD/YYYY format to limit results.
    String pEnteredDate = "pEnteredDate_example"; // String | Settlement Entered Date Limiter.  Enter a single settlement entered date in MM/DD/YYYY format to limit results.
    String pFacilityId = "pFacilityId_example"; // String | Case Facility Registration Identifier Limiter.  Enter a single complete facility identifier to limit results.
    String pFacCity = "pFacCity_example"; // String | Case Facility City Limiter.  Enter a single complete city name to filter cases by facility location city.
    String pFacZip = "pFacZip_example"; // String | Case Facility ZIP Code Limiter.  Enter a single 5-digit zip code to filter cases by facility location zip code.
    String pFacCounty = "pFacCounty_example"; // String | Case Facility County Limiter.  Enter a single complete county name to filter cases by facility location county name.
    String pCaseSummary = "pCaseSummary_example"; // String | Case Summary Search Limiter.  Enter a single case summary to limit results.  This parameter accepts partial codes and allows for advanced search modifiers.
    String pCaseSummaryType = "ALL"; // String | Identifies how the the search terms enterened in p_case_summary are searched.  Valid values are ALL (Default), WITHIN, and CONTAINS.  Must be used with p_case_summary.
    String pUsmex = "Y"; // String | US-Mexico Border Flag.  Enter Y/N to restrict searches to facilities located within 100KM of the border.
    BigDecimal pC1lat = new BigDecimal(78); // BigDecimal | In decimal degrees.  Latitude of 1st corner of box that bounds the resulting facilities. The latitude and longitude of both corners of the bounding box must be provided.
    BigDecimal pC1lon = new BigDecimal(78); // BigDecimal | In decimal degrees.  Longitude of 1st corner of box that bounds the resulting facilities. The latitude and longitude of both corners of the bounding box must be provided.
    BigDecimal pC2lat = new BigDecimal(78); // BigDecimal | In decimal degrees.  Latitude of 2nd corner of box that bounds the resulting facilities. The latitude and longitude of both corners of the bounding box must be provided.
    BigDecimal pC2lon = new BigDecimal(78); // BigDecimal | In decimal degrees.  Longitude of 2nd corner of box that bounds the resulting facilities. The latitude and longitude of both corners of the bounding box must be provided.
    String pVoluntary = "pVoluntary_example"; // String | Voluntary Self Disclosure Flag.  Enter Y or N to include or exclude cases results having voluntary disclosure.
    String pFedIndicator = "pFedIndicator_example"; // String | Federal Facility/Cross Media Flag.  Enter Y or N to limit results to cases with federal facility cross media.
    String pFntype = "ALL"; // String | Controls type of text search performed on facility name with parameter p_fn. - EXACT = Find facilities having the exact provided name(s). - BEGINS = Find facilities with names starting with the provided term(s). - ALL = Find facilities using Oracle text search terms. - CONTAINS = 
    String pCivilCriminalIndicator = "CI"; // String | Civil/Criminal Case Limiter.  Provide a keyword to limit results. - ANY = return both civil and criminal cases. - CI = return only civil cases. - CR = return only criminal cases.
    BigDecimal queryset = new BigDecimal(78); // BigDecimal | Query Limiter.  Enter a value to limit the number of records returned for each query. Value cannot exceed 70,000.
    BigDecimal responseset = new BigDecimal(78); // BigDecimal | Response Set Limiter. Enter a value to limit the number of records per page. Value cannot exceed 1,000.
    String mapset = "1400"; // String | Identifies the maxium number of case facilities to return from the case_rest_services.get_case_info query.
    String paramCallback = "paramCallback_example"; // String | JSONP Callback.  For use with JSONP and GEOJSONP output only.  Enter a name of the function in which to wrap the JSON response.
    String qcolumns = "qcolumns_example"; // String | Used to customize service output.  A list of comma-separated column IDs of output objects that will be returned in the service query object or download.  Use the metadata service endpoint for a complete list of Ids and definitions.
    BigDecimal pPrettyPrint = new BigDecimal(78); // BigDecimal | Optional flag to request GeoJSON formatted results to be pretty printed.  Only provide a numeric value when the output needs to be human readable as pretty printing has a performance cost.
    String pOcmapFy = "pOcmapFy_example"; // String | Fiscal Year to select cases that are displayed in the Office of Complicance Fiscal Year Map Services
    String pQs = "pQs_example"; // String | Quick Search. Allows entry for city, state, and/or zip code.
    String pHasMap = "pHasMap_example"; // String | 
    try {
      CaseRestServicesGetCaseInfoGet200Response result = apiInstance.caseRestServicesGetCaseInfoGet(output, pCaseCategory, pCaseStatus, pMilestone, pFromDate, pToDate, pMilestoneFy, pName, pNameType, pCaseNumber, pDocketNumber, pCourtDocketNumber, pActivityNumber, pCaseLead, pCaseSensFlg, pRegion, pState, pDistrict, pSic, pSicAoNaics, pSicPrimaryFlg, pSicFrsFlg, pNaics, pNaicsPrimaryFlg, pNaicsFrsFlg, pEnfType, pLaw, pSection, pCpCitation, pRankOrder, pEnfProgram, pViolation, pPriorityArea, pPriorityAreaDesc, pTribal, pOecaCore, pMultimedia, pFedCase, pActivityContact, pRole, pFedPenalty, pTotalFedPenalty, pCostRecovery, pTotalCostRecovery, pComplyingActions, pCompActVal, pTotalCompActVal, pSepCats, pSepVal, pTotalSepVal, pLodgedDate, pEnteredDate, pFacilityId, pFacCity, pFacZip, pFacCounty, pCaseSummary, pCaseSummaryType, pUsmex, pC1lat, pC1lon, pC2lat, pC2lon, pVoluntary, pFedIndicator, pFntype, pCivilCriminalIndicator, queryset, responseset, mapset, paramCallback, qcolumns, pPrettyPrint, pOcmapFy, pQs, pHasMap);
      System.out.println(result);
    } catch (ApiException e) {
      System.err.println("Exception when calling CaseEnforcementApi#caseRestServicesGetCaseInfoGet");
      System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
      System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
      System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
      e.printStackTrace();
    }
  }
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://echodata.epa.gov/echo*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetCaseInfoGet**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetCaseInfoGet) | **GET** /case_rest_services.get_case_info | Enforcement Case Search (new version)
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetCaseInfoPost**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetCaseInfoPost) | **POST** /case_rest_services.get_case_info | Enforcement Case Search (new version)
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetCaseReportGet**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetCaseReportGet) | **GET** /case_rest_services.get_case_report | Enforcement Case Summary Report Search
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetCaseReportPost**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetCaseReportPost) | **POST** /case_rest_services.get_case_report | Enforcement Case Summary Report Search
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetCasesFromFacilityGet**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetCasesFromFacilityGet) | **GET** /case_rest_services.get_cases_from_facility | Placeholder
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetCasesFromFacilityPost**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetCasesFromFacilityPost) | **POST** /case_rest_services.get_cases_from_facility | Placeholder
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetCasesGet**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetCasesGet) | **GET** /case_rest_services.get_cases | Enforcement Case Search
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetCasesPost**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetCasesPost) | **POST** /case_rest_services.get_cases | Enforcement Case Search
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetCrcaseReportGet**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetCrcaseReportGet) | **GET** /case_rest_services.get_crcase_report | Enforcement Criminal Case Summary Report Search
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetCrcaseReportPost**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetCrcaseReportPost) | **POST** /case_rest_services.get_crcase_report | Enforcement Criminal Case Summary Report Search
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetDownloadGet**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetDownloadGet) | **GET** /case_rest_services.get_download | Enforcement Case Download Data Service
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetDownloadPost**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetDownloadPost) | **POST** /case_rest_services.get_download | Enforcement Case Download Data Service
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetFacilitiesFromCaseGet**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetFacilitiesFromCaseGet) | **GET** /case_rest_services.get_facilities_from_case | Placeholder
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetFacilitiesFromCasePost**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetFacilitiesFromCasePost) | **POST** /case_rest_services.get_facilities_from_case | Placeholder
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetMapGet**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetMapGet) | **GET** /case_rest_services.get_map | Enforcement Case Map Service
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetMapPost**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetMapPost) | **POST** /case_rest_services.get_map | Enforcement Case Map Service
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetQidGet**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetQidGet) | **GET** /case_rest_services.get_qid | Enforcement Case Paginated Results Service
*CaseEnforcementApi* | [**caseRestServicesGetQidPost**](docs/CaseEnforcementApi.md#caseRestServicesGetQidPost) | **POST** /case_rest_services.get_qid | Enforcement Case Paginated Results Service
*LookupsApi* | [**restLookupsIcisLawSectionsGet**](docs/LookupsApi.md#restLookupsIcisLawSectionsGet) | **GET** /rest_lookups.icis_law_sections | ECHO ICIS Law Sections Lookup Service
*LookupsApi* | [**restLookupsIcisLawSectionsPost**](docs/LookupsApi.md#restLookupsIcisLawSectionsPost) | **POST** /rest_lookups.icis_law_sections | ECHO ICIS Law Sections Lookup Service
*MetadataApi* | [**caseRestServicesMetadataGet**](docs/MetadataApi.md#caseRestServicesMetadataGet) | **GET** /case_rest_services.metadata | Enforcement Case Metadata Service
*MetadataApi* | [**caseRestServicesMetadataPost**](docs/MetadataApi.md#caseRestServicesMetadataPost) | **POST** /case_rest_services.metadata | Enforcement Case Metadata Service


## Documentation for Models

 - [CaseRestServicesGetCaseInfoGet200Response](docs/CaseRestServicesGetCaseInfoGet200Response.md)
 - [CaseRestServicesGetCaseReportGet200Response](docs/CaseRestServicesGetCaseReportGet200Response.md)
 - [CaseRestServicesGetCasesFromFacilityGet200Response](docs/CaseRestServicesGetCasesFromFacilityGet200Response.md)
 - [CaseRestServicesGetCasesGet200Response](docs/CaseRestServicesGetCasesGet200Response.md)
 - [CaseRestServicesGetCrcaseReportGet200Response](docs/CaseRestServicesGetCrcaseReportGet200Response.md)
 - [CaseRestServicesGetFacilitiesFromCaseGet200Response](docs/CaseRestServicesGetFacilitiesFromCaseGet200Response.md)
 - [CaseRestServicesGetMapGet200Response](docs/CaseRestServicesGetMapGet200Response.md)
 - [CaseRestServicesGetQidGet200Response](docs/CaseRestServicesGetQidGet200Response.md)
 - [CaseRestServicesMetadataGet200Response](docs/CaseRestServicesMetadataGet200Response.md)
 - [Crs0Cases](docs/Crs0Cases.md)
 - [Crs0ClusterData](docs/Crs0ClusterData.md)
 - [Crs0ClusterOutput](docs/Crs0ClusterOutput.md)
 - [Crs0GetCaseInfoResults](docs/Crs0GetCaseInfoResults.md)
 - [Crs0GetCasesFromFacilityCaseNumber](docs/Crs0GetCasesFromFacilityCaseNumber.md)
 - [Crs0GetCasesFromFacilityCaseNumbers](docs/Crs0GetCasesFromFacilityCaseNumbers.md)
 - [Crs0GetCasesFromFacilityResults](docs/Crs0GetCasesFromFacilityResults.md)
 - [Crs0GetFacilitiesFromCaseRegistryID](docs/Crs0GetFacilitiesFromCaseRegistryID.md)
 - [Crs0GetFacilitiesFromCaseRegistryIDs](docs/Crs0GetFacilitiesFromCaseRegistryIDs.md)
 - [Crs0GetFacilitiesFromCaseResults](docs/Crs0GetFacilitiesFromCaseResults.md)
 - [Crs0MapData](docs/Crs0MapData.md)
 - [Crs0MapOutput](docs/Crs0MapOutput.md)
 - [Crs1CAEDDocuments](docs/Crs1CAEDDocuments.md)
 - [Crs1CaseInformation](docs/Crs1CaseInformation.md)
 - [Crs1CaseMilestones](docs/Crs1CaseMilestones.md)
 - [Crs1Citations](docs/Crs1Citations.md)
 - [Crs1ComplianceSchedules](docs/Crs1ComplianceSchedules.md)
 - [Crs1ComplyingActions](docs/Crs1ComplyingActions.md)
 - [Crs1Defendants](docs/Crs1Defendants.md)
 - [Crs1EnforcementConclusions](docs/Crs1EnforcementConclusions.md)
 - [Crs1Facilities](docs/Crs1Facilities.md)
 - [Crs1FinalOrderStatuses](docs/Crs1FinalOrderStatuses.md)
 - [Crs1LawsAndSections](docs/Crs1LawsAndSections.md)
 - [Crs1PollutantReductions](docs/Crs1PollutantReductions.md)
 - [Crs1Pollutants](docs/Crs1Pollutants.md)
 - [Crs1ProgramLinks](docs/Crs1ProgramLinks.md)
 - [Crs1RelatedActivities](docs/Crs1RelatedActivities.md)
 - [Crs1Results](docs/Crs1Results.md)
 - [Crs1SupplementalEnvironmentalProjects](docs/Crs1SupplementalEnvironmentalProjects.md)
 - [Crs2Results](docs/Crs2Results.md)
 - [Crs3CRDefendants](docs/Crs3CRDefendants.md)
 - [Crs3CRDetails](docs/Crs3CRDetails.md)
 - [Crs3CaseInformation](docs/Crs3CaseInformation.md)
 - [Crs3Locations](docs/Crs3Locations.md)
 - [Crs3Results](docs/Crs3Results.md)
 - [Crs5Results](docs/Crs5Results.md)
 - [FormDataFDescending](docs/FormDataFDescending.md)
 - [FormDataFMaplist](docs/FormDataFMaplist.md)
 - [FormDataFPCaseLead](docs/FormDataFPCaseLead.md)
 - [FormDataFPCaseSummaryType](docs/FormDataFPCaseSummaryType.md)
 - [FormDataFPCivilCriminalIndicator](docs/FormDataFPCivilCriminalIndicator.md)
 - [FormDataFPCompActVal](docs/FormDataFPCompActVal.md)
 - [FormDataFPFedCase](docs/FormDataFPFedCase.md)
 - [FormDataFPFedPenalty](docs/FormDataFPFedPenalty.md)
 - [FormDataFPFntype](docs/FormDataFPFntype.md)
 - [FormDataFPMultimedia](docs/FormDataFPMultimedia.md)
 - [FormDataFPNaicsFrsFlg](docs/FormDataFPNaicsFrsFlg.md)
 - [FormDataFPNaicsPrimaryFlg](docs/FormDataFPNaicsPrimaryFlg.md)
 - [FormDataFPOecaCore](docs/FormDataFPOecaCore.md)
 - [FormDataFPRankOrder](docs/FormDataFPRankOrder.md)
 - [FormDataFPRegion](docs/FormDataFPRegion.md)
 - [FormDataFPSepVal](docs/FormDataFPSepVal.md)
 - [FormDataFPSicAoNaics](docs/FormDataFPSicAoNaics.md)
 - [FormDataFPSicFrsFlg](docs/FormDataFPSicFrsFlg.md)
 - [FormDataFPSicPrimaryFlg](docs/FormDataFPSicPrimaryFlg.md)
 - [FormDataFPTribal](docs/FormDataFPTribal.md)
 - [FormDataFPUsmex](docs/FormDataFPUsmex.md)
 - [FormDataFTablelist](docs/FormDataFTablelist.md)
 - [Met1](docs/Met1.md)
 - [Met2](docs/Met2.md)
 - [Qp0](docs/Qp0.md)
 - [RestLookupsIcisLawSectionsGet200Response](docs/RestLookupsIcisLawSectionsGet200Response.md)
 - [Rlk00LuValues](docs/Rlk00LuValues.md)
 - [Rlk51Results](docs/Rlk51Results.md)


<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author



