# PublicApi.DnsRecord

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**content** | **String** | Variable data depending on the record type.  &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;A: the IPv4 address.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;CNAME: canonical name of an alias.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;MX: fully qualified domain name of a mail host.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;SRV: does not apply. Data for the SRV records can be found in specific properties.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TXT: free form text data.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;CAA: format should match specific values for flag, tag and ca: \&quot;{flag} {tag} {ca}\&quot;.          &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;The flag. The values 128 (critical) or 0 (non-critical) are expected, with 0 as the default.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;The tag. A tag specifies which actions an authorized CA can take in terms of issuing SSL/TLS certificates.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;The value \&quot;issue\&quot;: explicitly authorizes a single certificate authority to issue a certificate (any type) for the hostname.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;The value \&quot;issuewild\&quot;: explicitly authorizes a single certificate authority to issue a wildcard certificate (and only wildcard) for the hostname.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;The value \&quot;iodef\&quot;: specifies a URL to which a certificate authority may report policy violations.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;The ca. This is the domain of the CA (Certification Authority) that has the authority to issue certificates for the domain in question. If the value is a semicolon (;), it means that no CA has the authority to issue a certificate for that domain.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;ALIAS: canonical name of an alias.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;TLSA: format should match specific values for usage, selector, matching type and data: \&quot;{usage} {selector} {matching_type} {data}\&quot;          &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;The usage. The first field after the TLSA text in the DNS RR, specifies how to verify the certificate.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;A value of 0 is for what is commonly called CA constraint (and PKIX-TA). The certificate provided when establishing TLS must be issued by the listed root-CA or one of its intermediate CAs, with a valid certification path to a root-CA already trusted by the application doing the verification.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;A value of 1 is for what is commonly called Service certificate constraint (and PKIX-EE). The certificate used must match the TLSA record exactly, and it must also pass PKIX certification path validation to a trusted root-CA.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;A value of 2 is for what is commonly called Trust Anchor Assertion (and DANE-TA). The certificate used has a valid certification path pointing back to the certificate mention in this record, but there is no need for it to pass the PKIX certification path validation to a trusted root-CA.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;A value of 3 is for what is commonly called Domain issued certificate (and DANE-EE). The services uses a self-signed certificate. It is not signed by anyone else, and is exactly this record.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;The selector. When connecting to the service and a certificate is received, the selector field specifies which parts of it should be checked.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;A value of 0 means to select the entire certificate for matching.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;A value of 1 means to select just the public key for certificate matching. Matching the public key is often sufficient, as this is likely to be unique.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;The matching type.&lt;br /&gt;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;A type of 0 means the entire information selected is present in the certificate association data.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;A type of 1 means to do a SHA-256 hash of the selected data.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;A type of 2 means to do a SHA-512 hash of the selected data.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;The actual data to be matched given the settings of the other fields. This is a long text string of hexadecimal data.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | The id of the record  This value is ignored for creation of new records. | [optional] 
**port** | **Number** | The port for SRV records.&lt;br /&gt;  The value MUST be a positive integer.&lt;br /&gt;  Editing the value is not possible. You should add a new SRV record and delete the existing record. | [optional] 
**priority** | **Number** | The priority for MX or SRV records.&lt;br /&gt;  A lower value means more preferred.&lt;br /&gt;  The value MUST be a positive integer less or equal to 9999. | [optional] [default to 10]
**protocol** | **String** | Used for the creation of SRV records. Possible options: TCP, UDP, ...&lt;br /&gt;  Editing the value is not possible. You should add a new SRV record and delete the existing record. | [optional] [default to &#39;TCP&#39;]
**recordName** | **String** | The name of the record.&lt;br /&gt;  This is the host name, alias defined by the record.&lt;br /&gt;  An empty record or &#39;@&#39; is equal to the domain name.&lt;br /&gt;  Applies to A, MX, CNAME, TXT, CAA, ALIAS and TLSA records.&lt;br /&gt;  When type is TLSA the recommended value format is port number, protocol and host: _25._tcp.&lt;br /&gt;  Does not apply for SRV records. | [optional] 
**service** | **String** | The symbolic name of the desired service for SRV records.&lt;br /&gt;  Editing the value is not possible. You should add a new SRV record and can delete the existing record. | [optional] 
**target** | **String** | The canonical hostname of the machine providing the service for SRV records.&lt;br /&gt;  Editing the value is not possible. You should add a new SRV record and delete the existing record. | [optional] 
**ttl** | **Number** | Time to live of the record in seconds.&lt;br /&gt;  It defines the time frame that clients can cache the information.&lt;br /&gt;  The value MUST be between 60 and 86400. The default value is 3600 (&#x3D; 1 hour). | [optional] [default to 3600]
**type** | **String** | The type of the record (A, MX, CNAME, SRV, TXT, CAA, ALIAS and TLSA). | [optional] 
**weight** | **Number** | The weight for SRV records with the same priority.&lt;br /&gt;  A higher value means more preferred. | [optional] [default to 0]


