# ApigeeApi.GoogleCloudApigeeV1SecurityProfile

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**description** | **String** | Description of the security profile. | [optional] 
**displayName** | **String** | DEPRECATED: DO NOT USE Display name of the security profile. | [optional] 
**environments** | [**[GoogleCloudApigeeV1SecurityProfileEnvironment]**](GoogleCloudApigeeV1SecurityProfileEnvironment.md) | List of environments attached to security profile. | [optional] 
**maxScore** | **Number** | Output only. Maximum security score that can be generated by this profile. | [optional] [readonly] 
**minScore** | **Number** | Output only. Minimum security score that can be generated by this profile. | [optional] [readonly] 
**name** | **String** | Immutable. Name of the security profile resource. Format: organizations/{org}/securityProfiles/{profile} | [optional] 
**profileConfig** | [**GoogleCloudApigeeV1ProfileConfig**](GoogleCloudApigeeV1ProfileConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**revisionCreateTime** | **String** | Output only. The time when revision was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**revisionId** | **String** | Output only. Revision ID of the security profile. | [optional] [readonly] 
**revisionPublishTime** | **String** | Output only. DEPRECATED: DO NOT USE The time when revision was published. Once published, the security profile revision cannot be updated further and can be attached to environments. | [optional] [readonly] 
**revisionUpdateTime** | **String** | Output only. The time when revision was updated. | [optional] [readonly] 
**scoringConfigs** | [**[GoogleCloudApigeeV1SecurityProfileScoringConfig]**](GoogleCloudApigeeV1SecurityProfileScoringConfig.md) | List of profile scoring configs in this revision. | [optional] 


