# 1000000_recipe_and_grocery_list_api__v2

1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2 - JavaScript client for 1000000_recipe_and_grocery_list_api__v2
#Documentation

This is the documentation for the partner endpoint of the BigOven Recipe and Grocery List API.

The update brings with it Swagger-based documentation. [Swagger](http://swagger.io) is an emerging standard for describing REST-based APIs, and with this Swagger-compliant endpoint (above), you can make ready-to-go interface libraries for your code via [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen). For instance, it's easy to generate libraries for Node.js, Java, Ruby, ASP.NET MVC, jQuery, php and more!

You can also try out the endpoint calls with your own api_key right here on this page. Be sure to enter your api_key above to use the \"Try it out!\" buttons on this page.

##Start Here

Developers new to the BigOven API should start with this version, not with the legacy API. We'll be making improvements to this API over time, and doing only bug fixes on the v1 API.



To pretend you're a BigOven user (for instance, to get your recently viewed recipes or your grocery list), you need to pass in Basic Authentication information in the header, just as with the v1 API. We do now require that you make all calls via https. You need to pass your api_key in with every call, though this can now be done on the header (send a request header \"X-BigOven-API-Key\" set to your api_key value, e.g., Request[\"X-BigOven-API-Key\"]=\"your-key-here\".)

##Migration Notes

For existing partners, we encourage you to [migrate](https://api2.bigoven.com), and while at this writing we have no hard-and-fast termination date for the v1 API, we strongly prefer that you migrate by January 1, 2017. While the changes aren't overly complex, there are several breaking changes, including refactoring of recipe search and results and removal of support for XML. This is not a simply plug-and-play replacement to the v1 API. With respect to an exclusive focus on JSON, the world has spoken, and it prefers JSON for REST-based API's. We've taken numerous steps to refactor the API to make it more REST-compliant. Note that this v2 API will be the preferred API from this point onward, so we encourage developers to migrate to this new format. We have put together some [migration notes](/web/documentation/migration-to-v2) that we encourage you to read carefully.

##Photos

See our [photos documentation](https://api2.bigoven.com/web/documentation/recipe-images). 

For more information on usage of this API, including features, pricing, rate limits, terms and conditions, please visit the [BigOven API website](https://api2.bigoven.com).
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: partner
- Package version: partner
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install 1000000_recipe_and_grocery_list_api__v2 --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your 1000000_recipe_and_grocery_list_api__v2 from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var 1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2 = require('1000000_recipe_and_grocery_list_api__v2');


var api = new 1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.CollectionApi()
var opts = {
  'test': "test_example" // {String} 
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.collectionCollections(opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api2.bigoven.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.CollectionApi* | [**collectionCollections**](docs/CollectionApi.md#collectionCollections) | **GET** /collections | Get the list of current, seasonal recipe collections. From here, you can use the /collection/{id} endpoint to retrieve the recipes in those collections.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.CollectionApi* | [**collectionGetCollection**](docs/CollectionApi.md#collectionGetCollection) | **GET** /collection/{id} | Gets a recipe collection. A recipe collection is a curated set of recipes.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.CollectionApi* | [**collectionGetCollectionMeta**](docs/CollectionApi.md#collectionGetCollectionMeta) | **GET** /collection/{id}/meta | Gets a recipe collection metadata. A recipe collection is a curated set of recipes.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.GroceryListApi* | [**groceryListAddRecipe**](docs/GroceryListApi.md#groceryListAddRecipe) | **POST** /grocerylist/recipe | Add a Recipe to the grocery list.  In the request data, pass in recipeId, scale (scale&#x3D;1.0 says to keep the recipe the same size as originally posted), markAsPending (true/false) to indicate that              the lines in the recipe should be marked in a \&quot;pending\&quot; (unconfirmed by user) state.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.GroceryListApi* | [**groceryListDelete**](docs/GroceryListApi.md#groceryListDelete) | **DELETE** /grocerylist | Delete all the items on a grocery list; faster operation than a sync with deleted items.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.GroceryListApi* | [**groceryListDeleteItemByGuid**](docs/GroceryListApi.md#groceryListDeleteItemByGuid) | **DELETE** /grocerylist/item/{guid} | /grocerylist/item/{guid}  DELETE will delete this item assuming you own it.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.GroceryListApi* | [**groceryListDepartment**](docs/GroceryListApi.md#groceryListDepartment) | **POST** /grocerylist/department | Departmentalize a list of strings -- used for ad-hoc grocery list item addition
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.GroceryListApi* | [**groceryListGet**](docs/GroceryListApi.md#groceryListGet) | **GET** /grocerylist | Get the user&#39;s grocery list.  User is determined by Basic Authentication.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.GroceryListApi* | [**groceryListGroceryListItemGuid**](docs/GroceryListApi.md#groceryListGroceryListItemGuid) | **PUT** /grocerylist/item/{guid} | Update a grocery item by GUID
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.GroceryListApi* | [**groceryListGroceryListRemoveMarkedItems**](docs/GroceryListApi.md#groceryListGroceryListRemoveMarkedItems) | **POST** /grocerylist/clearcheckedlines | Clears the checked lines.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.GroceryListApi* | [**groceryListPost**](docs/GroceryListApi.md#groceryListPost) | **POST** /grocerylist/line | Add a single line item to the grocery list
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.GroceryListApi* | [**groceryListPostGroceryListSync**](docs/GroceryListApi.md#groceryListPostGroceryListSync) | **POST** /grocerylist/sync | Synchronize the grocery list.  Call this with a POST to /grocerylist/sync
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.GroceryListApi* | [**grocerylistItemPost**](docs/GroceryListApi.md#grocerylistItemPost) | **POST** /grocerylist/item | Add a single line item to the grocery list
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ImagesApi* | [**imagesGet**](docs/ImagesApi.md#imagesGet) | **GET** /recipe/{recipeId}/images | Get all the images for a recipe. DEPRECATED. Please use /recipe/{recipeId}/photos.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ImagesApi* | [**imagesGetPendingByUser**](docs/ImagesApi.md#imagesGetPendingByUser) | **GET** /recipe/photos/pending | Gets the pending by user.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ImagesApi* | [**imagesGetRecipePhotos**](docs/ImagesApi.md#imagesGetRecipePhotos) | **GET** /recipe/{recipeId}/photos | Get all the photos for a recipe
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ImagesApi* | [**imagesGetScanImages**](docs/ImagesApi.md#imagesGetScanImages) | **GET** /recipe/{recipeId}/scans | Gets a list of RecipeScan images for the recipe. There will be at most 3 per recipe.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ImagesApi* | [**imagesUploadRecipeImage**](docs/ImagesApi.md#imagesUploadRecipeImage) | **POST** /recipe/{recipeId}/image | POST: /recipe/{recipeId}/image?lat&#x3D;42&amp;amp;lng&#x3D;21&amp;amp;caption&#x3D;this%20is%20my%20caption                              Note that caption, lng and lat are all optional, but must go on the request URI as params because this endpoint               needs a multipart/mime content header and will not parse JSON in the body along with it.                             Testing with Postman (validated 11/20/2015):               1) Remove the Content-Type header; add authentication information               2) On the request, click Body and choose \&quot;form-data\&quot;, then add a line item with \&quot;key\&quot; column set to \&quot;file\&quot; and on the right,               change the type of the input from Text to File.  Browse and choose a JPG.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ImagesApi* | [**imagesUploadUserAvatar**](docs/ImagesApi.md#imagesUploadUserAvatar) | **POST** /image/avatar | POST: /image/avatar                             Testing with Postman (validated 11/20/2015):              1) Remove the Content-Type header; add authentication information              2) On the request, click Body and choose \&quot;form-data\&quot;, then add a line item with \&quot;key\&quot; column set to \&quot;file\&quot; and on the right,              change the type of the input from Text to File.  Browse and choose a JPG.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.MeApi* | [**meGetOptions**](docs/MeApi.md#meGetOptions) | **GET** /me/preferences/options | Gets the options.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.MeApi* | [**meIndex**](docs/MeApi.md#meIndex) | **GET** /me | Indexes this instance.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.MeApi* | [**meProfilePut**](docs/MeApi.md#meProfilePut) | **PUT** /me/profile | Puts me.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.MeApi* | [**mePutMe**](docs/MeApi.md#mePutMe) | **PUT** /me | Puts me.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.MeApi* | [**mePutMePersonal**](docs/MeApi.md#mePutMePersonal) | **PUT** /me/personal | Puts me personal.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.MeApi* | [**mePutMePreferences**](docs/MeApi.md#mePutMePreferences) | **PUT** /me/preferences | Puts me preferences.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.MeApi* | [**meSkinny**](docs/MeApi.md#meSkinny) | **GET** /me/skinny | Skinnies this instance.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.NoteApi* | [**noteDelete**](docs/NoteApi.md#noteDelete) | **DELETE** /recipe/{recipeId}/note/{noteId} | Delete a review                  do a DELETE Http request of /note/{ID}
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.NoteApi* | [**noteGet**](docs/NoteApi.md#noteGet) | **GET** /recipe/{recipeId}/note/{noteId} | Get a given note. Make sure you&#39;re passing authentication information in the header for the user who owns the note.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.NoteApi* | [**noteGetNotes**](docs/NoteApi.md#noteGetNotes) | **GET** /recipe/{recipeId}/notes | recipe/100/notes
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.NoteApi* | [**notePost**](docs/NoteApi.md#notePost) | **POST** /recipe/{recipeId}/note | HTTP POST a new note into the system.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.NoteApi* | [**notePut**](docs/NoteApi.md#notePut) | **PUT** /recipe/{recipeId}/note/{noteId} | HTTP PUT (update) a Recipe note (RecipeNote).
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeAutoComplete**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeAutoComplete) | **GET** /recipe/autocomplete | Given a query, return recipe titles starting with query. Query must be at least 3 chars in length.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeAutoCompleteAllRecipes**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeAutoCompleteAllRecipes) | **GET** /recipe/autocomplete/all | Automatics the complete all recipes.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeAutoCompleteMyRecipes**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeAutoCompleteMyRecipes) | **GET** /recipe/autocomplete/mine | Automatics the complete my recipes.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeCategories**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeCategories) | **GET** /recipe/categories | Get a list of recipe categories (the ID field can be used for include_cat in search parameters)
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeDelete**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeDelete) | **DELETE** /recipe/{id} | Delete a Recipe (you must be authenticated as an owner of the recipe)
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeFeedback**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeFeedback) | **POST** /recipe/{recipeId}/feedback | Feedback on a Recipe -- for internal BigOven editors
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeGet**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeGet) | **GET** /recipe/{id} | Return full Recipe detail. Returns 403 if the recipe is owned by someone else.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeGetActiveRecipe**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeGetActiveRecipe) | **GET** /recipe/get/active/recipe | Returns last active recipe for the user
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeGetRandomRecipe**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeGetRandomRecipe) | **GET** /recipes/random | Get a random, home-page-quality Recipe.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeGetRecipeWithSteps**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeGetRecipeWithSteps) | **GET** /recipe/steps/{id} | Return full Recipe detail with steps. Returns 403 if the recipe is owned by someone else.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeGetStep**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeGetStep) | **POST** /recipe/get/saved/step | Gets recipe single step as text
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeGetStepNumber**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeGetStepNumber) | **POST** /recipe/get/step/number | Returns stored step number and number of steps in recipe
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeGetSteps**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeGetSteps) | **POST** /recipe/post/step | Stores recipe step number and returns saved step data
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeGetV2**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeGetV2) | **GET** /recipes/{id} | Same as GET recipe but also includes the recipe videos (if any)
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipePost**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipePost) | **POST** /recipe | Add a new recipe
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipePut**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipePut) | **PUT** /recipe | Update a recipe
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeRaves**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeRaves) | **GET** /recipes/raves | Get the recipe/comment tuples for those recipes with 4 or 5 star ratings
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeRecentViews**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeRecentViews) | **GET** /recipes/recentviews | Get a list of recipes that the authenticated user has most recently viewed
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeRecipeSearch**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeRecipeSearch) | **GET** /recipes | Search for recipes. There are many parameters that you can apply. Starting with the most common, use title_kw to search within a title.              Use any_kw to search across the entire recipe.              If you&#39;d like to limit by course, set the parameter \&quot;include_primarycat\&quot; to one of (appetizers,bread,breakfast,dessert,drinks,maindish,salad,sidedish,soup,marinades,other).              If you&#39;d like to exclude a category, set exclude_cat to one or more (comma-separated) list of those categories to exclude.              If you&#39;d like to include a category, set include_cat to one or more (comma-separated) of those categories to include.              To explicitly include an ingredient in your search, set the parameter \&quot;include_ing\&quot; to a CSV of up to three ingredients, e.g.:include_ing&#x3D;mustard,chicken,beef%20tips              To explicitly exclude an ingredient in your search, set the parameter \&quot;exclude_ing\&quot; to a CSV of up to three ingredients.              All searches must contain the paging parameters pg and rpp, which are integers, and represent the page number (1-based) and results per page (rpp).              So, to get the third page of a result set paged with 25 recipes per page, you&#39;d pass pg&#x3D;3&amp;amp;rpp&#x3D;25              If you&#39;d like to target searches to just a single target user&#39;s recipes, set userId&#x3D;the target userId (number).              Or, you can set username&#x3D;theirusername              vtn;vgn;chs;glf;ntf;dyf;sff;slf;tnf;wmf;rmf;cps              cuisine              photos              filter&#x3D;added,try,favorites,myrecipes\\r\\n\\r\\n              folder&#x3D;FolderNameCaseSensitive              coll&#x3D;ID of Collection
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeRecipeSearchRandom**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeRecipeSearchRandom) | **GET** /recipes/top25random | Search for recipes. There are many parameters that you can apply. Starting with the most common, use title_kw to search within a title.              Use any_kw to search across the entire recipe.              If you&#39;d like to limit by course, set the parameter \&quot;include_primarycat\&quot; to one of (appetizers,bread,breakfast,dessert,drinks,maindish,salad,sidedish,soup,marinades,other).              If you&#39;d like to exclude a category, set exclude_cat to one or more (comma-separated) list of those categories to exclude.              If you&#39;d like to include a category, set include_cat to one or more (comma-separated) of those categories to include.              To explicitly include an ingredient in your search, set the parameter \&quot;include_ing\&quot; to a CSV of up to three ingredients, e.g.:include_ing&#x3D;mustard,chicken,beef%20tips              To explicitly exclude an ingredient in your search, set the parameter \&quot;exclude_ing\&quot; to a CSV of up to three ingredients.              All searches must contain the paging parameters pg and rpp, which are integers, and represent the page number (1-based) and results per page (rpp).              So, to get the third page of a result set paged with 25 recipes per page, you&#39;d pass pg&#x3D;3&amp;amp;rpp&#x3D;25              If you&#39;d like to target searches to just a single target user&#39;s recipes, set userId&#x3D;the target userId (number).              Or, you can set username&#x3D;theirusername              vtn;vgn;chs;glf;ntf;dyf;sff;slf;tnf;wmf;rmf;cps              cuisine              photos              filter&#x3D;added,try,favorites,myrecipes\\r\\n\\r\\n              folder&#x3D;FolderNameCaseSensitive              coll&#x3D;ID of Collection
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeRelated**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeRelated) | **GET** /recipe/{recipeId}/related | Get recipes related to the given recipeId
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeScan**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeScan) | **POST** /recipe/scan | POST an image as a new RecipeScan request                  1)  Fetch the filename -- DONE                  2)  Copy it to the pics/scan folder - ENSURE NO NAMING COLLISIONS -- DONE                  3)  Create 120 thumbnail size  in pics/scan/120 -- DONE                  4)  Insert the CloudTasks record                  5)  Create the HIT                  6)  Update the CloudTasks record with the HIT ID                  7)  Email the requesing user                  8)  Call out to www.bigoven.com to fetch the image and re-create the thumbnail
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.RecipeApi* | [**recipeZapRecipe**](docs/RecipeApi.md#recipeZapRecipe) | **GET** /recipe/{id}/zap | Zaps the recipe.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ReviewApi* | [**recipeRecipeIdReviewGet**](docs/ReviewApi.md#recipeRecipeIdReviewGet) | **GET** /recipe/{recipeId}/review | Get *my* review for the recipe {recipeId}, where \&quot;me\&quot; is determined by standard authentication headers
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ReviewApi* | [**recipeReviewReviewIdGet**](docs/ReviewApi.md#recipeReviewReviewIdGet) | **GET** /recipe/review/{reviewId} | Get a given review by string-style ID. This will return a payload with FeaturedReply, ReplyCount.              Recommended display is to list top-level reviews with one featured reply underneath.               Currently, the FeaturedReply is the most recent one for that rating.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ReviewApi* | [**reviewDelete**](docs/ReviewApi.md#reviewDelete) | **DELETE** /recipe/{recipeId}/review/{reviewId} | DEPRECATED! - Deletes a review by recipeId and reviewId. Please use recipe/review/{reviewId} instead.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ReviewApi* | [**reviewDeleteReply**](docs/ReviewApi.md#reviewDeleteReply) | **DELETE** /recipe/review/replies/{replyId} | DELETE a reply to a given review. Authenticated user must be the one who originally posted the reply.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ReviewApi* | [**reviewGet**](docs/ReviewApi.md#reviewGet) | **GET** /recipe/{recipeId}/review/{reviewId} | Get a given review - DEPRECATED. See recipe/review/{reviewId} for the current usage.              Beginning in January 2017, BigOven moded from an integer-based ID system to a GUID-style string-based ID system for reviews and replies.              We are also supporting more of a \&quot;Google Play\&quot; style model for Reviews and Replies. That is, there are top-level Reviews and then              an unlimited list of replies (which do not carry star ratings) underneath existing reviews. Also, a given user can only have one review               per recipe. Existing legacy endpoints will continue to work, but we strongly recommend you migrate to using the newer endpoints listed              which do NOT carry the \&quot;DEPRECATED\&quot; flag.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ReviewApi* | [**reviewGetReplies**](docs/ReviewApi.md#reviewGetReplies) | **GET** /recipe/review/{reviewId}/replies | Get a paged list of replies for a given review.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ReviewApi* | [**reviewGetReviews**](docs/ReviewApi.md#reviewGetReviews) | **GET** /recipe/{recipeId}/reviews | Get paged list of reviews for a recipe. Each review will have at most one FeaturedReply, as well as a ReplyCount.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ReviewApi* | [**reviewPost**](docs/ReviewApi.md#reviewPost) | **POST** /recipe/{recipeId}/review | Add a new review. Only one review can be provided per {userId, recipeId} pair. Otherwise your review will be updated.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ReviewApi* | [**reviewPostReply**](docs/ReviewApi.md#reviewPostReply) | **POST** /recipe/review/{reviewId}/replies | POST a reply to a given review. The date will be set by server. Note that replies no longer have star ratings, only top-level reviews do.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ReviewApi* | [**reviewPut**](docs/ReviewApi.md#reviewPut) | **PUT** /recipe/review/{reviewId} | Update a given top-level review.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ReviewApi* | [**reviewPutLegacy**](docs/ReviewApi.md#reviewPutLegacy) | **PUT** /recipe/{recipeId}/review/{reviewId} | HTTP PUT (update) a recipe review. DEPRECATED. Please see recipe/review/{reviewId} PUT for the new endpoint.              We are moving to a string-based primary key system, no longer integers, for reviews and replies.
*1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.ReviewApi* | [**reviewPutReply**](docs/ReviewApi.md#reviewPutReply) | **PUT** /recipe/review/replies/{replyId} | Update (PUT) a reply to a given review. Authenticated user must be the original one that posted the reply.


## Documentation for Models

 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ControllersWebAPIGroceryListControllerDepartmentModel](docs/API2ControllersWebAPIGroceryListControllerDepartmentModel.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ControllersWebAPIGroceryListControllerPostGroceryListAddLineRequest](docs/API2ControllersWebAPIGroceryListControllerPostGroceryListAddLineRequest.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ControllersWebAPIGroceryListControllerPostGroceryListRecipeRequest](docs/API2ControllersWebAPIGroceryListControllerPostGroceryListRecipeRequest.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ControllersWebAPIGroceryListControllerPostGroceryListSyncRequest](docs/API2ControllersWebAPIGroceryListControllerPostGroceryListSyncRequest.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ControllersWebAPIGroceryListControllerPostToGroceryListRecipeRequest](docs/API2ControllersWebAPIGroceryListControllerPostToGroceryListRecipeRequest.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ControllersWebAPIGroceryListControllerUpdateItemByGuidRequest](docs/API2ControllersWebAPIGroceryListControllerUpdateItemByGuidRequest.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ControllersWebAPIImagesControllerRecipePhotosResponse](docs/API2ControllersWebAPIImagesControllerRecipePhotosResponse.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ControllersWebAPIMeControllerEatingStyle](docs/API2ControllersWebAPIMeControllerEatingStyle.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ControllersWebAPIMeControllerOption](docs/API2ControllersWebAPIMeControllerOption.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ControllersWebAPIMeControllerPreferenceOptions](docs/API2ControllersWebAPIMeControllerPreferenceOptions.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ControllersWebAPINoteControllerNoteRequest](docs/API2ControllersWebAPINoteControllerNoteRequest.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ControllersWebAPIReviewControllerPostReplyReq](docs/API2ControllersWebAPIReviewControllerPostReplyReq.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ControllersWebAPIReviewControllerReviewRequest](docs/API2ControllersWebAPIReviewControllerReviewRequest.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ControllersWebAPIReviewControllerReviewRequestLegacy](docs/API2ControllersWebAPIReviewControllerReviewRequestLegacy.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2GroceryListDepartmentResult](docs/API2GroceryListDepartmentResult.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ModelsAccounting](docs/API2ModelsAccounting.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ModelsBigOvenUser](docs/API2ModelsBigOvenUser.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ModelsCounts](docs/API2ModelsCounts.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ModelsLocation](docs/API2ModelsLocation.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ModelsPersonal](docs/API2ModelsPersonal.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ModelsPreference](docs/API2ModelsPreference.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ModelsProfile](docs/API2ModelsProfile.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ModelsRecipesFeedbackDTO](docs/API2ModelsRecipesFeedbackDTO.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ModelsRecipesRecipeResponse](docs/API2ModelsRecipesRecipeResponse.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2ModelsRecipesRecipeVideoResponse](docs/API2ModelsRecipesRecipeVideoResponse.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.API2Result](docs/API2Result.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPI2CollectionInfo](docs/BigOvenModelAPI2CollectionInfo.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPI2GroceryList](docs/BigOvenModelAPI2GroceryList.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPI2Photo](docs/BigOvenModelAPI2Photo.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPI2Recipe](docs/BigOvenModelAPI2Recipe.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPI2RecipeInfox](docs/BigOvenModelAPI2RecipeInfox.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPI2RecipeNote](docs/BigOvenModelAPI2RecipeNote.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPI2RecipeSearchResult](docs/BigOvenModelAPI2RecipeSearchResult.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPI2UserInfoTinyx](docs/BigOvenModelAPI2UserInfoTinyx.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPIGroceryGroceryList](docs/BigOvenModelAPIGroceryGroceryList.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPIGroceryItem](docs/BigOvenModelAPIGroceryItem.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPIImage](docs/BigOvenModelAPIImage.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPIIngredient](docs/BigOvenModelAPIIngredient.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPIIngredientInfo](docs/BigOvenModelAPIIngredientInfo.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPINutritionInfo](docs/BigOvenModelAPINutritionInfo.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPIRecipe](docs/BigOvenModelAPIRecipe.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPIRecipeInfo](docs/BigOvenModelAPIRecipeInfo.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPIRecipeNote](docs/BigOvenModelAPIRecipeNote.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPIRecipeNoteList](docs/BigOvenModelAPIRecipeNoteList.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPIReply](docs/BigOvenModelAPIReply.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPIReview](docs/BigOvenModelAPIReview.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPIUserInfo](docs/BigOvenModelAPIUserInfo.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelAPIUserInfoTiny](docs/BigOvenModelAPIUserInfoTiny.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelInstructionStep](docs/BigOvenModelInstructionStep.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelRecipeCategory](docs/BigOvenModelRecipeCategory.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelRecipeInfoDateTuple2](docs/BigOvenModelRecipeInfoDateTuple2.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelRecipeInfoReviewTuple2](docs/BigOvenModelRecipeInfoReviewTuple2.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelRecipeInfoTiny](docs/BigOvenModelRecipeInfoTiny.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenModelShoppingListLine](docs/BigOvenModelShoppingListLine.md)
 - [1000000RecipeAndGroceryListApiV2.BigOvenResult](docs/BigOvenResult.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### api_key


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-BigOven-API-Key
- **Location**: HTTP header

### basic

- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication

