# slide_room_api_v2

SlideRoomApiV2 - JavaScript client for slide_room_api_v2
SlideRoom provides a RESTful API for exporting data out of your organizations SlideRoom account.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: v2
- Package version: v2
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install slide_room_api_v2 --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your slide_room_api_v2 from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var SlideRoomApiV2 = require('slide_room_api_v2');


var api = new SlideRoomApiV2.ApplicantApi()
var email = "email_example"; // {String} The email address of the applicant.
var name = "name_example"; // {String} The name of the attribute to be deleted.
var opts = {
  'pool': "pool_example", // {String} 
  'commonAppYear': 56 // {Number} 
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.applicantDeleteAttributesV2(email, name, opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.slideroom.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*SlideRoomApiV2.ApplicantApi* | [**applicantDeleteAttributesV2**](docs/ApplicantApi.md#applicantDeleteAttributesV2) | **DELETE** /api/v2/applicant/attributes | Deletes a custom attribute for an applicant.
*SlideRoomApiV2.ApplicantApi* | [**applicantGetAttributeNamesV2**](docs/ApplicantApi.md#applicantGetAttributeNamesV2) | **GET** /api/v2/applicant/attributes/names | Gets the custom applicant attributes used by the organization.
*SlideRoomApiV2.ApplicantApi* | [**applicantGetAttributesV2**](docs/ApplicantApi.md#applicantGetAttributesV2) | **GET** /api/v2/applicant/attributes | Gets the custom attributes for an applicant.
*SlideRoomApiV2.ApplicantApi* | [**applicantPostAttributesV2**](docs/ApplicantApi.md#applicantPostAttributesV2) | **POST** /api/v2/applicant/attributes | Updates the custom attributes for an applicant.
*SlideRoomApiV2.ApplicationApi* | [**applicationDeleteAttributesV2**](docs/ApplicationApi.md#applicationDeleteAttributesV2) | **DELETE** /api/v2/application/{applicationId}/attributes | Deletes a custom attribute for an application.
*SlideRoomApiV2.ApplicationApi* | [**applicationGetAttributeNamesV2**](docs/ApplicationApi.md#applicationGetAttributeNamesV2) | **GET** /api/v2/application/attributes/names | Gets the custom application attributes used by the organization.
*SlideRoomApiV2.ApplicationApi* | [**applicationGetAttributesV2**](docs/ApplicationApi.md#applicationGetAttributesV2) | **GET** /api/v2/application/{applicationId}/attributes | Gets the custom attributes for an application.
*SlideRoomApiV2.ApplicationApi* | [**applicationPostAttributesV2**](docs/ApplicationApi.md#applicationPostAttributesV2) | **POST** /api/v2/application/{applicationId}/attributes | Updates the custom attributes for an application. API Import is available in the Advanced Plan.
*SlideRoomApiV2.ApplicationApi* | [**applicationRequestExportByApplicationIdV2**](docs/ApplicationApi.md#applicationRequestExportByApplicationIdV2) | **POST** /api/v2/application/{applicationId}/request-export | Requests the generation of a single application export file (tabular, pdf, zip).
*SlideRoomApiV2.ApplicationApi* | [**applicationRequestExportV2**](docs/ApplicationApi.md#applicationRequestExportV2) | **POST** /api/v2/application/request-export | Requests the generation of application export files (tabular, pdf, zip).
*SlideRoomApiV2.ExportApi* | [**exportGetV2**](docs/ExportApi.md#exportGetV2) | **GET** /api/v2/export/{token} | Gets the status/result of a requested export.


## Documentation for Models

 - [SlideRoomApiV2.ExportResultV2](docs/ExportResultV2.md)
 - [SlideRoomApiV2.RequestApplicationExportResultV2](docs/RequestApplicationExportResultV2.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

