# AmazonLocationService.SearchPlaceIndexForTextRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**biasPosition** | **[Number]** | &lt;p&gt;An optional parameter that indicates a preference for places that are closer to a specified position.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; If provided, this parameter must contain a pair of numbers. The first number represents the X coordinate, or longitude; the second number represents the Y coordinate, or latitude.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;For example, &lt;code&gt;[-123.1174, 49.2847]&lt;/code&gt; represents the position with longitude &lt;code&gt;-123.1174&lt;/code&gt; and latitude &lt;code&gt;49.2847&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;note&gt; &lt;p&gt; &lt;code&gt;BiasPosition&lt;/code&gt; and &lt;code&gt;FilterBBox&lt;/code&gt; are mutually exclusive. Specifying both options results in an error. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/note&gt; | [optional] 
**filterBBox** | **[Number]** | &lt;p&gt;An optional parameter that limits the search results by returning only places that are within the provided bounding box.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt; If provided, this parameter must contain a total of four consecutive numbers in two pairs. The first pair of numbers represents the X and Y coordinates (longitude and latitude, respectively) of the southwest corner of the bounding box; the second pair of numbers represents the X and Y coordinates (longitude and latitude, respectively) of the northeast corner of the bounding box.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;For example, &lt;code&gt;[-12.7935, -37.4835, -12.0684, -36.9542]&lt;/code&gt; represents a bounding box where the southwest corner has longitude &lt;code&gt;-12.7935&lt;/code&gt; and latitude &lt;code&gt;-37.4835&lt;/code&gt;, and the northeast corner has longitude &lt;code&gt;-12.0684&lt;/code&gt; and latitude &lt;code&gt;-36.9542&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;note&gt; &lt;p&gt; &lt;code&gt;FilterBBox&lt;/code&gt; and &lt;code&gt;BiasPosition&lt;/code&gt; are mutually exclusive. Specifying both options results in an error. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/note&gt; | [optional] 
**filterCategories** | **[String]** | &lt;p&gt;A list of one or more Amazon Location categories to filter the returned places. If you include more than one category, the results will include results that match &lt;i&gt;any&lt;/i&gt; of the categories listed.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;For more information about using categories, including a list of Amazon Location categories, see &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://docs.aws.amazon.com/location/latest/developerguide/category-filtering.html\&quot;&gt;Categories and filtering&lt;/a&gt;, in the &lt;i&gt;Amazon Location Service Developer Guide&lt;/i&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional] 
**filterCountries** | **[String]** | &lt;p&gt;An optional parameter that limits the search results by returning only places that are in a specified list of countries.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt; &lt;li&gt; &lt;p&gt;Valid values include &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://www.iso.org/iso-3166-country-codes.html\&quot;&gt;ISO 3166&lt;/a&gt; 3-digit country codes. For example, Australia uses three upper-case characters: &lt;code&gt;AUS&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/li&gt; &lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] 
**language** | **String** | &lt;p&gt;The preferred language used to return results. The value must be a valid &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://tools.ietf.org/search/bcp47\&quot;&gt;BCP 47&lt;/a&gt; language tag, for example, &lt;code&gt;en&lt;/code&gt; for English.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;This setting affects the languages used in the results, but not the results themselves. If no language is specified, or not supported for a particular result, the partner automatically chooses a language for the result.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;For an example, we&#39;ll use the Greek language. You search for &lt;code&gt;Athens, Greece&lt;/code&gt;, with the &lt;code&gt;language&lt;/code&gt; parameter set to &lt;code&gt;en&lt;/code&gt;. The result found will most likely be returned as &lt;code&gt;Athens&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;If you set the &lt;code&gt;language&lt;/code&gt; parameter to &lt;code&gt;el&lt;/code&gt;, for Greek, then the result found will more likely be returned as &lt;code&gt;Αθήνα&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;If the data provider does not have a value for Greek, the result will be in a language that the provider does support.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional] 
**maxResults** | **Number** | &lt;p&gt;An optional parameter. The maximum number of results returned per request. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;The default: &lt;code&gt;50&lt;/code&gt; &lt;/p&gt; | [optional] 
**text** | **String** | The address, name, city, or region to be used in the search in free-form text format. For example, &lt;code&gt;123 Any Street&lt;/code&gt;. | 


