# amazon_detective

AmazonDetective - JavaScript client for amazon_detective
<p>Detective uses machine learning and purpose-built visualizations to help you to analyze and investigate security issues across your Amazon Web Services (Amazon Web Services) workloads. Detective automatically extracts time-based events such as login attempts, API calls, and network traffic from CloudTrail and Amazon Virtual Private Cloud (Amazon VPC) flow logs. It also extracts findings detected by Amazon GuardDuty.</p> <p>The Detective API primarily supports the creation and management of behavior graphs. A behavior graph contains the extracted data from a set of member accounts, and is created and managed by an administrator account.</p> <p>To add a member account to the behavior graph, the administrator account sends an invitation to the account. When the account accepts the invitation, it becomes a member account in the behavior graph.</p> <p>Detective is also integrated with Organizations. The organization management account designates the Detective administrator account for the organization. That account becomes the administrator account for the organization behavior graph. The Detective administrator account is also the delegated administrator account for Detective in Organizations.</p> <p>The Detective administrator account can enable any organization account as a member account in the organization behavior graph. The organization accounts do not receive invitations. The Detective administrator account can also invite other accounts to the organization behavior graph.</p> <p>Every behavior graph is specific to a Region. You can only use the API to manage behavior graphs that belong to the Region that is associated with the currently selected endpoint.</p> <p>The administrator account for a behavior graph can use the Detective API to do the following:</p> <ul> <li> <p>Enable and disable Detective. Enabling Detective creates a new behavior graph.</p> </li> <li> <p>View the list of member accounts in a behavior graph.</p> </li> <li> <p>Add member accounts to a behavior graph.</p> </li> <li> <p>Remove member accounts from a behavior graph.</p> </li> <li> <p>Apply tags to a behavior graph.</p> </li> </ul> <p>The organization management account can use the Detective API to select the delegated administrator for Detective.</p> <p>The Detective administrator account for an organization can use the Detective API to do the following:</p> <ul> <li> <p>Perform all of the functions of an administrator account.</p> </li> <li> <p>Determine whether to automatically enable new organization accounts as member accounts in the organization behavior graph.</p> </li> </ul> <p>An invited member account can use the Detective API to do the following:</p> <ul> <li> <p>View the list of behavior graphs that they are invited to.</p> </li> <li> <p>Accept an invitation to contribute to a behavior graph.</p> </li> <li> <p>Decline an invitation to contribute to a behavior graph.</p> </li> <li> <p>Remove their account from a behavior graph.</p> </li> </ul> <p>All API actions are logged as CloudTrail events. See <a href=\"https://docs.aws.amazon.com/detective/latest/adminguide/logging-using-cloudtrail.html\">Logging Detective API Calls with CloudTrail</a>.</p> <note> <p>We replaced the term \"master account\" with the term \"administrator account.\" An administrator account is used to centrally manage multiple accounts. In the case of Detective, the administrator account manages the accounts in their behavior graph.</p> </note>
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 2018-10-26
- Package version: 2018-10-26
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://github.com/mermade/aws2openapi](https://github.com/mermade/aws2openapi)

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install amazon_detective --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your amazon_detective from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var AmazonDetective = require('amazon_detective');

var defaultClient = AmazonDetective.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure API key authorization: hmac
var hmac = defaultClient.authentications['hmac'];
hmac.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//hmac.apiKeyPrefix['Authorization'] = "Token"

var api = new AmazonDetective.DefaultApi()
var acceptInvitationRequest = new AmazonDetective.AcceptInvitationRequest(); // {AcceptInvitationRequest} 
var opts = {
  'xAmzContentSha256': "xAmzContentSha256_example", // {String} 
  'xAmzDate': "xAmzDate_example", // {String} 
  'xAmzAlgorithm': "xAmzAlgorithm_example", // {String} 
  'xAmzCredential': "xAmzCredential_example", // {String} 
  'xAmzSecurityToken': "xAmzSecurityToken_example", // {String} 
  'xAmzSignature': "xAmzSignature_example", // {String} 
  'xAmzSignedHeaders': "xAmzSignedHeaders_example" // {String} 
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully.');
  }
};
api.acceptInvitation(acceptInvitationRequest, opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://api.detective.us-east-1.amazonaws.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**acceptInvitation**](docs/DefaultApi.md#acceptInvitation) | **PUT** /invitation | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**batchGetGraphMemberDatasources**](docs/DefaultApi.md#batchGetGraphMemberDatasources) | **POST** /graph/datasources/get | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**batchGetMembershipDatasources**](docs/DefaultApi.md#batchGetMembershipDatasources) | **POST** /membership/datasources/get | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**createGraph**](docs/DefaultApi.md#createGraph) | **POST** /graph | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**createMembers**](docs/DefaultApi.md#createMembers) | **POST** /graph/members | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**deleteGraph**](docs/DefaultApi.md#deleteGraph) | **POST** /graph/removal | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**deleteMembers**](docs/DefaultApi.md#deleteMembers) | **POST** /graph/members/removal | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**describeOrganizationConfiguration**](docs/DefaultApi.md#describeOrganizationConfiguration) | **POST** /orgs/describeOrganizationConfiguration | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**disableOrganizationAdminAccount**](docs/DefaultApi.md#disableOrganizationAdminAccount) | **POST** /orgs/disableAdminAccount | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**disassociateMembership**](docs/DefaultApi.md#disassociateMembership) | **POST** /membership/removal | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**enableOrganizationAdminAccount**](docs/DefaultApi.md#enableOrganizationAdminAccount) | **POST** /orgs/enableAdminAccount | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**getMembers**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getMembers) | **POST** /graph/members/get | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**listDatasourcePackages**](docs/DefaultApi.md#listDatasourcePackages) | **POST** /graph/datasources/list | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**listGraphs**](docs/DefaultApi.md#listGraphs) | **POST** /graphs/list | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**listInvitations**](docs/DefaultApi.md#listInvitations) | **POST** /invitations/list | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**listMembers**](docs/DefaultApi.md#listMembers) | **POST** /graph/members/list | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**listOrganizationAdminAccounts**](docs/DefaultApi.md#listOrganizationAdminAccounts) | **POST** /orgs/adminAccountslist | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**listTagsForResource**](docs/DefaultApi.md#listTagsForResource) | **GET** /tags/{ResourceArn} | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**rejectInvitation**](docs/DefaultApi.md#rejectInvitation) | **POST** /invitation/removal | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**startMonitoringMember**](docs/DefaultApi.md#startMonitoringMember) | **POST** /graph/member/monitoringstate | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**tagResource**](docs/DefaultApi.md#tagResource) | **POST** /tags/{ResourceArn} | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**untagResource**](docs/DefaultApi.md#untagResource) | **DELETE** /tags/{ResourceArn}#tagKeys | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**updateDatasourcePackages**](docs/DefaultApi.md#updateDatasourcePackages) | **POST** /graph/datasources/update | 
*AmazonDetective.DefaultApi* | [**updateOrganizationConfiguration**](docs/DefaultApi.md#updateOrganizationConfiguration) | **POST** /orgs/updateOrganizationConfiguration | 


## Documentation for Models

 - [AmazonDetective.AcceptInvitationRequest](docs/AcceptInvitationRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.Account](docs/Account.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.Administrator](docs/Administrator.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.BatchGetGraphMemberDatasourcesRequest](docs/BatchGetGraphMemberDatasourcesRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.BatchGetGraphMemberDatasourcesResponse](docs/BatchGetGraphMemberDatasourcesResponse.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.BatchGetMembershipDatasourcesRequest](docs/BatchGetMembershipDatasourcesRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.BatchGetMembershipDatasourcesResponse](docs/BatchGetMembershipDatasourcesResponse.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.CreateGraphRequest](docs/CreateGraphRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.CreateGraphResponse](docs/CreateGraphResponse.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.CreateMembersRequest](docs/CreateMembersRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.CreateMembersResponse](docs/CreateMembersResponse.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.DatasourcePackage](docs/DatasourcePackage.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.DatasourcePackageIngestDetail](docs/DatasourcePackageIngestDetail.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.DatasourcePackageIngestState](docs/DatasourcePackageIngestState.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.DatasourcePackageUsageInfo](docs/DatasourcePackageUsageInfo.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.DeleteGraphRequest](docs/DeleteGraphRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.DeleteMembersRequest](docs/DeleteMembersRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.DeleteMembersResponse](docs/DeleteMembersResponse.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.DescribeOrganizationConfigurationRequest](docs/DescribeOrganizationConfigurationRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.DescribeOrganizationConfigurationResponse](docs/DescribeOrganizationConfigurationResponse.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.DisassociateMembershipRequest](docs/DisassociateMembershipRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.EnableOrganizationAdminAccountRequest](docs/EnableOrganizationAdminAccountRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.GetMembersRequest](docs/GetMembersRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.GetMembersResponse](docs/GetMembersResponse.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.Graph](docs/Graph.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.InvitationType](docs/InvitationType.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.ListDatasourcePackagesRequest](docs/ListDatasourcePackagesRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.ListDatasourcePackagesResponse](docs/ListDatasourcePackagesResponse.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.ListGraphsRequest](docs/ListGraphsRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.ListGraphsResponse](docs/ListGraphsResponse.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.ListInvitationsRequest](docs/ListInvitationsRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.ListInvitationsResponse](docs/ListInvitationsResponse.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.ListMembersRequest](docs/ListMembersRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.ListMembersResponse](docs/ListMembersResponse.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.ListOrganizationAdminAccountsRequest](docs/ListOrganizationAdminAccountsRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.ListOrganizationAdminAccountsResponse](docs/ListOrganizationAdminAccountsResponse.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.ListTagsForResourceResponse](docs/ListTagsForResourceResponse.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.MemberDetail](docs/MemberDetail.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.MemberDisabledReason](docs/MemberDisabledReason.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.MemberStatus](docs/MemberStatus.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.MembershipDatasources](docs/MembershipDatasources.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.RejectInvitationRequest](docs/RejectInvitationRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.StartMonitoringMemberRequest](docs/StartMonitoringMemberRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.TagResourceRequest](docs/TagResourceRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.TimestampForCollection](docs/TimestampForCollection.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.UnprocessedAccount](docs/UnprocessedAccount.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.UnprocessedGraph](docs/UnprocessedGraph.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.UpdateDatasourcePackagesRequest](docs/UpdateDatasourcePackagesRequest.md)
 - [AmazonDetective.UpdateOrganizationConfigurationRequest](docs/UpdateOrganizationConfigurationRequest.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### hmac


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: Authorization
- **Location**: HTTP header

