# C++ Qt API client

# 

BeezUP Merchant API 

- API version: 2.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0

# The REST API of BeezUP system
## Overview
The REST APIs provide programmatic access to read and write BeezUP data. 
Basically, with this API you will be able to do everything like you were with your browser on https://go.beezup.com !

The main features are:
- Register and manage your account
- Create and manage and share your stores with your friends/co-workers.
- Import your product catalog and schedule the auto importation
- Search the channels your want to use
- Configure your channels for your catalogs to export your product information:
    - cost and general settings
    - category and columns mappings
    - your will be able to create and manage your custom column
    - put in place exlusion filters based on simple conditions on your product data
    - override product values
    - get product vision for a channel catalog scope
- Analyze and optimize your performance of your catalogs on all yours channels with different type of reportings by day, channel, category and by product.
- Automatize your optimisation by using rules!
- And of course... Manage your orders harvested from all your marketplaces:
    - Synchronize your orders in an uniformized way
    - Get the available actions and update the order status
- ...and more!

## Authentication credentials
The public API with the base path **_/v2/public** have been put in place to give you an entry point to our system for the user registration, login and lost password. The public API does not require any credentials.
We give you the some public list of values and public channels for our public commercial web site [www.beezup.com](http://www.beezup.com).

The user API with the base path **_/v2/user** requires a token which is available on this page:
https://go.beezup.com/Account/MyAccount

## Things to keep in mind
### API Rate Limits
- The BeezUP REST API is limited to 100 calls/minute.

### Media type
The default media type for requests and responses is application/json. Where noted, some operations support other content types. If no additional content type is mentioned for a specific operation, then the media type is application/json.

### Required content type
The required and default encoding for the request and responses is UTF8.

### Required date time format
All our date time are formatted in ISO 8601 format: 2014-06-24T16:25:00Z.

### Base URL
The Base URL of the BeezUP API Order Management REST API conforms to the following template.

https://api.beezup.com

All URLs returned by the BeezUP API are relative to this base URL, and all requests to the REST API must use this base URL template.

You can test our API on https://api-docs.beezup.com/swagger-ui\\\\
You can contact us on [gitter, #BeezUP/API](https://gitter.im/BeezUP/API)


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIAnalyticsGlobalApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIAnalyticsGlobalApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIAnalyticsGlobalApi apiInstance;
           apiInstance.analyticsIndex();
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### api_key


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: Ocp-Apim-Subscription-Key
- **Location**: HTTP header


## Author

help@beezup.com


## License

BeezUP for more information visit [BeezUP](https://www.beezup.com/)