# openapi-java-client


- API version: 1.0.0
  - Build date: 2024-10-12T12:00:15.223592-04:00[America/New_York]
  - Generator version: 7.9.0

<strong>GoDaddy Abuse API Terms of Use:</strong><p>GoDaddy’s Abuse API is provided to simplify and standardize the abuse reporting experience. To help us streamline the review of abuse reports, you acknowledge and agree that your use of GoDaddy’s Abuse API is subject to the following quality metrics and terms of use.</p><p>GoDaddy may, in its sole and absolute discretion, change or modify these terms, and such changes or modifications shall be effective immediately upon notice to you. Your use of GoDaddy’s Abuse API after such changes or modifications shall constitute your acceptance of these terms as last revised. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms as last revised, do not use (or continue to use) our Abuse API.</p><p>As an Abuse API user, you must only submit abuse reports via the API portal and cease all email submissions, including but not limited, to phishing@godaddy.com, netabuse@godaddy.com, malware@godaddy.com, or spam@godaddy.com, etc.  Any additional or duplicate submission outside of the API portal will be deprioritized for review. Submissions related to trademark, copyright or content issues may still be sent to trademarkclaims@godaddy.com, coyprightclaims@godaddy.com, and contentcomplaints@godaddy.com, respectively. Our [Front of Site](https://supportcenter.godaddy.com/AbuseReport) also describes other scenarios not covered by the API.</p><p>When you submit abuse reports via GoDaddy’s Abuse API, you must ensure that you accurately categorize the abuse type of each report to match our definitions in the API documentations provided to you. Any submission that fails to match our definitions or is miscategorized will be marked as a false positive. Examples include, but are not limited to, submissions of trademark complaints marked as phishing or malware, or submissions of copyright complaints marked as phishing or malware, etc.</p><p>If, at any time, the false positive rate of submissions exceeds 40% of your total submissions, as determined by GoDaddy, GoDaddy may in its sole discretion deprioritize any subsequent reports submitted by you and/or your organization.</p><p>You acknowledge and agree that submitting every URL for a single domain is not necessary and will not expedite the review process. If your submissions exceed five (5) URLs for a single domain, your report will be marked as a duplicate submission taking into account that the final outcome of such submissions would yield the same result as the original report. GoDaddy may in its sole discretion deprioritize reports submitted by you and/or your organization in the event more than 20% of your submissions are classified as duplicate submissions.</p><p>You further acknowledge and agree that our Customer Support lines are not intended to address abuse reporting matters or your use of GoDaddy’s Abuse API. Contacting Customer Support will not expedite the review process and may result in abuse reports being deprioritized, to be determined in our sole discretion.</p><p>Should you have any questions about GoDaddy’s Abuse API or any of the terms and conditions set forth above, please contact abuseapisupport@godaddy.com.</p>


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.8+
2. Maven (3.8.3+)/Gradle (7.2+)

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
  <artifactId>openapi-java-client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
  repositories {
    mavenCentral()     // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to maven central.
    mavenLocal()       // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to the local maven repo.
  }

  dependencies {
     implementation "org.openapitools:openapi-java-client:1.0.0"
  }
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

* `target/openapi-java-client-1.0.0.jar`
* `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java

// Import classes:
import org.openapitools.client.ApiClient;
import org.openapitools.client.ApiException;
import org.openapitools.client.Configuration;
import org.openapitools.client.model.*;
import org.openapitools.client.api.V1Api;

public class Example {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    ApiClient defaultClient = Configuration.getDefaultApiClient();
    defaultClient.setBasePath("http://api.ote-godaddy.com");

    V1Api apiInstance = new V1Api(defaultClient);
    AbuseTicketCreate abuseTicketCreate = new AbuseTicketCreate(); // AbuseTicketCreate | The endpoint which allows the Reporter to create a new abuse ticket
    try {
      apiInstance.createTicket(abuseTicketCreate);
    } catch (ApiException e) {
      System.err.println("Exception when calling V1Api#createTicket");
      System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
      System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
      System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
      e.printStackTrace();
    }
  }
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://api.ote-godaddy.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*V1Api* | [**createTicket**](docs/V1Api.md#createTicket) | **POST** /v1/abuse/tickets | Create a new abuse ticket
*V1Api* | [**getTicketInfo**](docs/V1Api.md#getTicketInfo) | **GET** /v1/abuse/tickets/{ticketId} | Return the abuse ticket data for a given ticket id
*V1Api* | [**getTickets**](docs/V1Api.md#getTickets) | **GET** /v1/abuse/tickets | List all abuse tickets ids that match user provided filters


## Documentation for Models

 - [AbuseTicket](docs/AbuseTicket.md)
 - [AbuseTicketCreate](docs/AbuseTicketCreate.md)
 - [AbuseTicketId](docs/AbuseTicketId.md)
 - [AbuseTicketList](docs/AbuseTicketList.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [ErrorField](docs/ErrorField.md)
 - [Pagination](docs/Pagination.md)


<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author



