# AmazonConnectService.StartChatContactRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**instanceId** | **String** | The identifier of the Amazon Connect instance. You can &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/find-instance-arn.html\&quot;&gt;find the instance ID&lt;/a&gt; in the Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the instance. | 
**contactFlowId** | **String** | &lt;p&gt;The identifier of the flow for initiating the chat. To see the ContactFlowId in the Amazon Connect console user interface, on the navigation menu go to &lt;b&gt;Routing&lt;/b&gt;, &lt;b&gt;Contact Flows&lt;/b&gt;. Choose the flow. On the flow page, under the name of the flow, choose &lt;b&gt;Show additional flow information&lt;/b&gt;. The ContactFlowId is the last part of the ARN, shown here in bold: &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;arn:aws:connect:us-west-2:xxxxxxxxxxxx:instance/xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx/contact-flow/&lt;b&gt;846ec553-a005-41c0-8341-xxxxxxxxxxxx&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/p&gt; | 
**attributes** | **{String: String}** | &lt;p&gt;A custom key-value pair using an attribute map. The attributes are standard Amazon Connect attributes. They can be accessed in flows just like any other contact attributes. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;There can be up to 32,768 UTF-8 bytes across all key-value pairs per contact. Attribute keys can include only alphanumeric, dash, and underscore characters.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional] 
**participantDetails** | [**StartChatContactRequestParticipantDetails**](StartChatContactRequestParticipantDetails.md) |  | 
**initialMessage** | [**StartChatContactRequestInitialMessage**](StartChatContactRequestInitialMessage.md) |  | [optional] 
**clientToken** | **String** | A unique, case-sensitive identifier that you provide to ensure the idempotency of the request. If not provided, the Amazon Web Services SDK populates this field. For more information about idempotency, see &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://aws.amazon.com/builders-library/making-retries-safe-with-idempotent-APIs/\&quot;&gt;Making retries safe with idempotent APIs&lt;/a&gt;. | [optional] 
**chatDurationInMinutes** | **Number** | The total duration of the newly started chat session. If not specified, the chat session duration defaults to 25 hour. The minimum configurable time is 60 minutes. The maximum configurable time is 10,080 minutes (7 days). | [optional] 
**supportedMessagingContentTypes** | **[String]** | &lt;p&gt;The supported chat message content types. Supported types are &lt;code&gt;text/plain&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;text/markdown&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;application/json&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;application/vnd.amazonaws.connect.message.interactive&lt;/code&gt;, and &lt;code&gt;application/vnd.amazonaws.connect.message.interactive.response&lt;/code&gt;. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;Content types must always contain &lt;code&gt;text/plain&lt;/code&gt;. You can then put any other supported type in the list. For example, all the following lists are valid because they contain &lt;code&gt;text/plain&lt;/code&gt;: &lt;code&gt;[text/plain, text/markdown, application/json]&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;[text/markdown, text/plain]&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;[text/plain, application/json, application/vnd.amazonaws.connect.message.interactive.response]&lt;/code&gt;. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;note&gt; &lt;p&gt;The type &lt;code&gt;application/vnd.amazonaws.connect.message.interactive&lt;/code&gt; is required to use the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://docs.aws.amazon.com/connect/latest/adminguide/show-view-block.html\&quot;&gt;Show view&lt;/a&gt; flow block.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;/note&gt; | [optional] 
**persistentChat** | [**StartChatContactRequestPersistentChat**](StartChatContactRequestPersistentChat.md) |  | [optional] 
**relatedContactId** | **String** | &lt;p&gt;The unique identifier for an Amazon Connect contact. This identifier is related to the chat starting.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;note&gt; &lt;p&gt;You cannot provide data for both RelatedContactId and PersistentChat. &lt;/p&gt; &lt;/note&gt; | [optional] 


