# RecommendationsAiBeta.GoogleCloudRecommendationengineV1beta1PredictRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**dryRun** | **Boolean** | Optional. Use dryRun mode for this prediction query. If set to true, a fake model will be used that returns arbitrary catalog items. Note that the dryRun mode should only be used for testing the API, or if the model is not ready. | [optional] 
**filter** | **String** | Optional. Filter for restricting prediction results. Accepts values for tags and the &#x60;filterOutOfStockItems&#x60; flag. * Tag expressions. Restricts predictions to items that match all of the specified tags. Boolean operators &#x60;OR&#x60; and &#x60;NOT&#x60; are supported if the expression is enclosed in parentheses, and must be separated from the tag values by a space. &#x60;-\&quot;tagA\&quot;&#x60; is also supported and is equivalent to &#x60;NOT \&quot;tagA\&quot;&#x60;. Tag values must be double quoted UTF-8 encoded strings with a size limit of 1 KiB. * filterOutOfStockItems. Restricts predictions to items that do not have a stockState value of OUT_OF_STOCK. Examples: * tag&#x3D;(\&quot;Red\&quot; OR \&quot;Blue\&quot;) tag&#x3D;\&quot;New-Arrival\&quot; tag&#x3D;(NOT \&quot;promotional\&quot;) * filterOutOfStockItems tag&#x3D;(-\&quot;promotional\&quot;) * filterOutOfStockItems If your filter blocks all prediction results, nothing will be returned. If you want generic (unfiltered) popular items to be returned instead, set &#x60;strictFiltering&#x60; to false in &#x60;PredictRequest.params&#x60;. | [optional] 
**labels** | **{String: String}** | Optional. The labels for the predict request. * Label keys can contain lowercase letters, digits and hyphens, must start with a letter, and must end with a letter or digit. * Non-zero label values can contain lowercase letters, digits and hyphens, must start with a letter, and must end with a letter or digit. * No more than 64 labels can be associated with a given request. See https://goo.gl/xmQnxf for more information on and examples of labels. | [optional] 
**pageSize** | **Number** | Optional. Maximum number of results to return per page. Set this property to the number of prediction results required. If zero, the service will choose a reasonable default. | [optional] 
**pageToken** | **String** | Optional. The previous PredictResponse.next_page_token. | [optional] 
**params** | **{String: Object}** | Optional. Additional domain specific parameters for the predictions. Allowed values: * &#x60;returnCatalogItem&#x60;: Boolean. If set to true, the associated catalogItem object will be returned in the &#x60;PredictResponse.PredictionResult.itemMetadata&#x60; object in the method response. * &#x60;returnItemScore&#x60;: Boolean. If set to true, the prediction &#39;score&#39; corresponding to each returned item will be set in the &#x60;metadata&#x60; field in the prediction response. The given &#39;score&#39; indicates the probability of an item being clicked/purchased given the user&#39;s context and history. * &#x60;strictFiltering&#x60;: Boolean. True by default. If set to false, the service will return generic (unfiltered) popular items instead of empty if your filter blocks all prediction results. * &#x60;priceRerankLevel&#x60;: String. Default empty. If set to be non-empty, then it needs to be one of {&#39;no-price-reranking&#39;, &#39;low-price-reranking&#39;, &#39;medium-price-reranking&#39;, &#39;high-price-reranking&#39;}. This gives request level control and adjust prediction results based on product price. * &#x60;diversityLevel&#x60;: String. Default empty. If set to be non-empty, then it needs to be one of {&#39;no-diversity&#39;, &#39;low-diversity&#39;, &#39;medium-diversity&#39;, &#39;high-diversity&#39;, &#39;auto-diversity&#39;}. This gives request level control and adjust prediction results based on product category. | [optional] 
**userEvent** | [**GoogleCloudRecommendationengineV1beta1UserEvent**](GoogleCloudRecommendationengineV1beta1UserEvent.md) |  | [optional] 


