# setlist_fm_api

SetlistFmApi - JavaScript client for setlist_fm_api
<p>
The setlist.fm API has been designed to give you easy access to setlist data in order to build fancy websites and
other applications. Before starting to use the API, be sure to ...
<ol>
<li>... understand how setlist.fm works (the <a href=\"https://www.setlist.fm/faq\">FAQ</a> and the
<a href=\"https://www.setlist.fm/guidelines\">Guidelines</a> are a good starting point),</li>
<li>... read this documentation carefully and</li>
<li>... <a href=\"https://www.setlist.fm/settings/api\">apply for an API key</a> (link for logged in users only) - if
you're no registered user yet, then <a href=\"https://www.setlist.fm/signup\">register first</a> (it's free).</li>
</ol>
</p>
<p>
If this documentation isn't enough or if you've got other things you'd like to tell us about the API, visit the
<a href=\"https://www.setlist.fm/forum/setlistfm/setlistfm-api\">API Forum</a>.
</p>
<p>
Note that the setlist.fm API is, according to the <a href=\"https://www.setlist.fm/help/api-terms\">API terms of
service</a>, only free for non-commercial projects. If you're interested in using the API for commercial purposes,
<a href=\"https://www.setlist.fm/contact\">contact us</a>.
</p>

<h2>About this Service</h2>
<p>
This service provides methods to get both setlists and components of setlists such as artists, cities, countries or
venues.
</p>

<h2>Supported Content Types</h2>
<p>
The REST service currently supports XML (default) and JSON content.
</p>
<p>
To receive a JSON response, set the <code>Accept</code>
<a href=\"https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec14.html#sec14.1\">header</a> to <em>application/json</em>.
</p>

<h2>Internationalization</h2>
<p>
<small>(Please note that this is an experimental feature and does not work for all cities!)</small>
</p>
<p>
Most of the featured methods honor the <code>Accept-Language</code>
<a href=\"https://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec14.html#sec14.4\">header</a>. This header is used for
localizing cities and countries. The default language is English (en), but you can provide any of the languages
Spanish (es), French (fr), German (de), Portuguese (pt), Turkish (tr), Italian (it) or Polish (pl).
</p>
<p>
E.g. if you search a setlist for a concert that took place in Vienna and you pass &quot;de&quot; as header, you'll
get <em>&quot;Wien, &Ouml;sterreich&quot;</em> instead of <em>&quot;Vienna, Austria&quot;</em>.<br/>
This also works if you use a different language than the country's native language.
</p>
<p>
E.g. for a concert in New York, you'll get <em>&quot;Nueva York, Estados Unidos&quot;</em> instead of <em>&quot;New
York, United States&quot;</em> if you pass &quot;es&quot; as language.
</p>

<h2>API Keys</h2>

API keys (<a href=\"https://www.setlist.fm/settings/api\">application form</a>) must be included in the request with
the <code>x-api-key</code> header.

<h2>Version History</h2>
<table class=\"table table-bordered table-versions\">
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Version</th>
<th>Docs</th>
<th>End of Service</th>
</tr>
</thead> <tbody>
<tr>
<td><strong>1.0</strong></td>
<td><a href=\"/docs/1.0\">Docs</a></td>
<td>-</li>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>0.1</strong></td>
<td></td>
<td>December 31, 2017</li>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0
- Package version: 1.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install setlist_fm_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your setlist_fm_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var SetlistFmApi = require('setlist_fm_api');


var api = new SetlistFmApi.Class10ArtistMbidApi()
var mbid = "mbid_example"; // {String} a Musicbrainz MBID, e.g. 0bfba3d3-6a04-4779-bb0a-df07df5b0558
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.resource10ArtistMbidGetArtistGET(mbid, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to */rest*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*SetlistFmApi.Class10ArtistMbidApi* | [**resource10ArtistMbidGetArtistGET**](docs/Class10ArtistMbidApi.md#resource10ArtistMbidGetArtistGET) | **GET** /1.0/artist/{mbid} | .
*SetlistFmApi.Class10ArtistMbidSetlistsApi* | [**resource10ArtistMbidSetlistsGetArtistSetlistsGET**](docs/Class10ArtistMbidSetlistsApi.md#resource10ArtistMbidSetlistsGetArtistSetlistsGET) | **GET** /1.0/artist/{mbid}/setlists | .
*SetlistFmApi.Class10CityGeoIdApi* | [**resource10CityGeoIdGetCityGET**](docs/Class10CityGeoIdApi.md#resource10CityGeoIdGetCityGET) | **GET** /1.0/city/{geoId} | Get a city by its unique geoId.
*SetlistFmApi.Class10SearchArtistsApi* | [**resource10SearchArtistsGetArtistsGET**](docs/Class10SearchArtistsApi.md#resource10SearchArtistsGetArtistsGET) | **GET** /1.0/search/artists | Search for artists.
*SetlistFmApi.Class10SearchCitiesApi* | [**resource10SearchCitiesGetCitiesGET**](docs/Class10SearchCitiesApi.md#resource10SearchCitiesGetCitiesGET) | **GET** /1.0/search/cities | Search for a city.
*SetlistFmApi.Class10SearchCountriesApi* | [**resource10SearchCountriesGetCountriesGET**](docs/Class10SearchCountriesApi.md#resource10SearchCountriesGetCountriesGET) | **GET** /1.0/search/countries | Get a complete list of all supported countries.
*SetlistFmApi.Class10SearchSetlistsApi* | [**resource10SearchSetlistsGetSetlistsGET**](docs/Class10SearchSetlistsApi.md#resource10SearchSetlistsGetSetlistsGET) | **GET** /1.0/search/setlists | Search for setlists.
*SetlistFmApi.Class10SearchVenuesApi* | [**resource10SearchVenuesGetVenuesGET**](docs/Class10SearchVenuesApi.md#resource10SearchVenuesGetVenuesGET) | **GET** /1.0/search/venues | Search for venues.
*SetlistFmApi.Class10SetlistSetlistIdApi* | [**resource10SetlistSetlistIdGetSetlistGET**](docs/Class10SetlistSetlistIdApi.md#resource10SetlistSetlistIdGetSetlistGET) | **GET** /1.0/setlist/{setlistId} | .
*SetlistFmApi.Class10SetlistVersionVersionIdApi* | [**resource10SetlistVersionVersionIdGetSetlistVersionGET**](docs/Class10SetlistVersionVersionIdApi.md#resource10SetlistVersionVersionIdGetSetlistVersionGET) | **GET** /1.0/setlist/version/{versionId} | .
*SetlistFmApi.Class10UserUserIdApi* | [**resource10UserUserIdGetUserGET**](docs/Class10UserUserIdApi.md#resource10UserUserIdGetUserGET) | **GET** /1.0/user/{userId} | Get a user by userId.
*SetlistFmApi.Class10UserUserIdAttendedApi* | [**resource10UserUserIdAttendedGetUserAttendedSetlistsGET**](docs/Class10UserUserIdAttendedApi.md#resource10UserUserIdAttendedGetUserAttendedSetlistsGET) | **GET** /1.0/user/{userId}/attended | .
*SetlistFmApi.Class10UserUserIdEditedApi* | [**resource10UserUserIdEditedGetUserEditedSetlistsGET**](docs/Class10UserUserIdEditedApi.md#resource10UserUserIdEditedGetUserEditedSetlistsGET) | **GET** /1.0/user/{userId}/edited | .
*SetlistFmApi.Class10VenueVenueIdApi* | [**resource10VenueVenueIdGetVenueGET**](docs/Class10VenueVenueIdApi.md#resource10VenueVenueIdGetVenueGET) | **GET** /1.0/venue/{venueId} | Get a venue by its unique id.
*SetlistFmApi.Class10VenueVenueIdSetlistsApi* | [**resource10VenueVenueIdSetlistsGetVenueSetlistsGET**](docs/Class10VenueVenueIdSetlistsApi.md#resource10VenueVenueIdSetlistsGetVenueSetlistsGET) | **GET** /1.0/venue/{venueId}/setlists | .


## Documentation for Models

 - [SetlistFmApi.JsonArtist](docs/JsonArtist.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.JsonArtists](docs/JsonArtists.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.JsonCities](docs/JsonCities.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.JsonCity](docs/JsonCity.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.JsonCoords](docs/JsonCoords.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.JsonCountries](docs/JsonCountries.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.JsonCountry](docs/JsonCountry.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.JsonError](docs/JsonError.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.JsonSet](docs/JsonSet.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.JsonSetlist](docs/JsonSetlist.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.JsonSetlists](docs/JsonSetlists.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.JsonSong](docs/JsonSong.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.JsonTour](docs/JsonTour.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.JsonUser](docs/JsonUser.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.JsonVenue](docs/JsonVenue.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.JsonVenues](docs/JsonVenues.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.XmlNs0Artist](docs/XmlNs0Artist.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.XmlNs0Artists](docs/XmlNs0Artists.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.XmlNs0Cities](docs/XmlNs0Cities.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.XmlNs0City](docs/XmlNs0City.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.XmlNs0Coords](docs/XmlNs0Coords.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.XmlNs0Countries](docs/XmlNs0Countries.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.XmlNs0Country](docs/XmlNs0Country.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.XmlNs0Error](docs/XmlNs0Error.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.XmlNs0Result](docs/XmlNs0Result.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.XmlNs0Set](docs/XmlNs0Set.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.XmlNs0Setlist](docs/XmlNs0Setlist.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.XmlNs0Setlists](docs/XmlNs0Setlists.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.XmlNs0Song](docs/XmlNs0Song.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.XmlNs0Tour](docs/XmlNs0Tour.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.XmlNs0User](docs/XmlNs0User.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.XmlNs0Venue](docs/XmlNs0Venue.md)
 - [SetlistFmApi.XmlNs0Venues](docs/XmlNs0Venues.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

