# C++ Qt API client

# 

Geneea Natural Language Processing

- API version: 1.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0

<div class=\"api-description\">
    <h2>Authentication</h2>
    <p>For all calls, supply your API key. <a href=\"https://www.geneea.com/pricing\">Sign up to <em>obtain the key</em></a>.</p>
    <p>
        Our API supports both <em>unencrypted (HTTP)</em> and <em>encrypted (HTTPS)</em> protocols.
        However, for security reasons, we strongly encourage using only the encrypted version.
    </p>
    <p>The API key should be supplied as either a request parameter <code>user_key</code> or in <code>Authorization</code> header.</p>
    <pre><code>Authorization: user_key &lt;YOUR_API_KEY&gt;</code></pre>

    <h2>API operations</h2>
    <p>
        All API operations can perform analysis on supplied raw text or on text extracted from a given URL.
        Optionally, one can supply additional information which can make the result more precise. An example
        of such information would be the language of text or a particular text extractor for URL resources.
    </p>
    <p>The supported types of analyses are:</p>
    <ul>
        <li><strong>lemmatization</strong> &longrightarrow;
            Finds out lemmata (basic forms) of all the words in the document.
        </li>
        <li><strong>correction</strong> &longrightarrow;
            Performs correction (diacritization) on all the words in the document.
        </li>
        <li><strong>topic detection</strong> &longrightarrow;
            Determines a topic of the document, e.g. finance or sports.
        </li>
        <li><strong>sentiment analysis</strong> &longrightarrow;
            Determines a sentiment of the document, i.e. how positive or negative the document is.
        </li>
        <li><strong>named entity recognition</strong> &longrightarrow;
            Finds named entities (like person, location, date etc.) mentioned the the document.
        </li>
    </ul>

    <h2>Encoding</h2>
    <p>The supplied text is expected to be in UTF-8 encoding, this is especially important for non-english texts.</p>

    <h2>Returned values</h2>
    <p>The API calls always return objects in serialized JSON format in UTF-8 encoding.</p>
    <p>
        If any error occurs, the HTTP response code will be in the range <code>4xx</code> (client-side error) or
        <code>5xx</code> (server-side error). In this situation, the body of the response will contain information
        about the error in JSON format, with <code>exception</code> and <code>message</code> values.
    </p>

    <h2>URL limitations</h2>
    <p>
        All the requests are semantically <code>GET</code>. However, for longer texts, you may run into issues
        with URL length limit. Therefore, it's possible to always issue a <code>POST</code> request with all
        the parameters encoded as a JSON in the request body.
    </p>
    <p>Example:</p>
    <pre><code>
        POST /s1/sentiment
        Content-Type: application/json

        {\"text\":\"There is no harm in being sometimes wrong - especially if one is promptly found out.\"}
    </code></pre>
    <p>This is equivalent to <code>GET /s1/sentiment?text=There%20is%20no%20harm...</code></p>

    <h2>Request limitations</h2>
    <p>
        The API has other limitations concerning the size of the HTTP requests. The maximum allowed size of any
        POST request body is <em>512 KiB</em>. For request with a URL resource, the maximum allowed number of
        extracted characters from each such resource is <em>100,000</em>.
    </p>

    <h2>Terms of Service</h2>
    <p>
        By using the API, you agree to our
        <a href=\"https://www.geneea.com/terms.html\" target=\"_blank\">Terms of Service Agreement</a>.
    </p>

    <h2>More information</h2>
    <p>
        <a href=\"https://help.geneea.com/index.html\" target=\"_blank\">
        The Interpretor Public Documentation
        </a>
    </p>
</div>



*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIAccountApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIAccountApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIAccountApi apiInstance;
     
      // Configure API key authorization: user_key
      apiInstance.setApiKey("YOUR API KEY NAME","YOUR API KEY");
      apiInstance.getInfo();
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### user_key


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: user_key
- **Location**: URL query string


## Author




## License

 for more information visit []()