# WebSecurityScannerApi.Finding

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**body** | **String** | The body of the request that triggered the vulnerability. | [optional] 
**description** | **String** | The description of the vulnerability. | [optional] 
**finalUrl** | **String** | The URL where the browser lands when the vulnerability is detected. | [optional] 
**findingType** | **String** | The type of the Finding. | [optional] 
**frameUrl** | **String** | If the vulnerability was originated from nested IFrame, the immediate parent IFrame is reported. | [optional] 
**fuzzedUrl** | **String** | The URL produced by the server-side fuzzer and used in the request that triggered the vulnerability. | [optional] 
**httpMethod** | **String** | The http method of the request that triggered the vulnerability, in uppercase. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | The resource name of the Finding. The name follows the format of &#39;projects/{projectId}/scanConfigs/{scanConfigId}/scanruns/{scanRunId}/findings/{findingId}&#39;. The finding IDs are generated by the system. | [optional] 
**outdatedLibrary** | [**OutdatedLibrary**](OutdatedLibrary.md) |  | [optional] 
**reproductionUrl** | **String** | The URL containing human-readable payload that user can leverage to reproduce the vulnerability. | [optional] 
**trackingId** | **String** | The tracking ID uniquely identifies a vulnerability instance across multiple ScanRuns. | [optional] 
**violatingResource** | [**ViolatingResource**](ViolatingResource.md) |  | [optional] 
**vulnerableHeaders** | [**VulnerableHeaders**](VulnerableHeaders.md) |  | [optional] 
**vulnerableParameters** | [**VulnerableParameters**](VulnerableParameters.md) |  | [optional] 
**xss** | [**Xss**](Xss.md) |  | [optional] 



## Enum: FindingTypeEnum


* `FINDING_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"FINDING_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `MIXED_CONTENT` (value: `"MIXED_CONTENT"`)

* `OUTDATED_LIBRARY` (value: `"OUTDATED_LIBRARY"`)

* `ROSETTA_FLASH` (value: `"ROSETTA_FLASH"`)

* `XSS_CALLBACK` (value: `"XSS_CALLBACK"`)

* `XSS_ERROR` (value: `"XSS_ERROR"`)

* `CLEAR_TEXT_PASSWORD` (value: `"CLEAR_TEXT_PASSWORD"`)

* `INVALID_CONTENT_TYPE` (value: `"INVALID_CONTENT_TYPE"`)

* `XSS_ANGULAR_CALLBACK` (value: `"XSS_ANGULAR_CALLBACK"`)

* `INVALID_HEADER` (value: `"INVALID_HEADER"`)

* `MISSPELLED_SECURITY_HEADER_NAME` (value: `"MISSPELLED_SECURITY_HEADER_NAME"`)

* `MISMATCHING_SECURITY_HEADER_VALUES` (value: `"MISMATCHING_SECURITY_HEADER_VALUES"`)

* `ACCESSIBLE_GIT_REPOSITORY` (value: `"ACCESSIBLE_GIT_REPOSITORY"`)

* `ACCESSIBLE_SVN_REPOSITORY` (value: `"ACCESSIBLE_SVN_REPOSITORY"`)

* `ACCESSIBLE_ENV_FILE` (value: `"ACCESSIBLE_ENV_FILE"`)




