# WebSecurityScannerApi.ScanRun

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**endTime** | **String** | The time at which the ScanRun reached termination state - that the ScanRun is either finished or stopped by user. | [optional] 
**executionState** | **String** | The execution state of the ScanRun. | [optional] 
**hasVulnerabilities** | **Boolean** | Whether the scan run has found any vulnerabilities. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | The resource name of the ScanRun. The name follows the format of &#39;projects/{projectId}/scanConfigs/{scanConfigId}/scanRuns/{scanRunId}&#39;. The ScanRun IDs are generated by the system. | [optional] 
**progressPercent** | **Number** | The percentage of total completion ranging from 0 to 100. If the scan is in queue, the value is 0. If the scan is running, the value ranges from 0 to 100. If the scan is finished, the value is 100. | [optional] 
**resultState** | **String** | The result state of the ScanRun. This field is only available after the execution state reaches \&quot;FINISHED\&quot;. | [optional] 
**startTime** | **String** | The time at which the ScanRun started. | [optional] 
**urlsCrawledCount** | **String** | The number of URLs crawled during this ScanRun. If the scan is in progress, the value represents the number of URLs crawled up to now. | [optional] 
**urlsTestedCount** | **String** | The number of URLs tested during this ScanRun. If the scan is in progress, the value represents the number of URLs tested up to now. The number of URLs tested is usually larger than the number URLS crawled because typically a crawled URL is tested with multiple test payloads. | [optional] 



## Enum: ExecutionStateEnum


* `EXECUTION_STATE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"EXECUTION_STATE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `QUEUED` (value: `"QUEUED"`)

* `SCANNING` (value: `"SCANNING"`)

* `FINISHED` (value: `"FINISHED"`)





## Enum: ResultStateEnum


* `RESULT_STATE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"RESULT_STATE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `SUCCESS` (value: `"SUCCESS"`)

* `ERROR` (value: `"ERROR"`)

* `KILLED` (value: `"KILLED"`)




