# pricing_api

PricingApi - JavaScript client for pricing_api
The API to retrieve pricing information.
Please note the Pricing API is rate limited to one request per second.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 0.0.3
- Package version: 0.0.3
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://developer.nexmo.com/](https://developer.nexmo.com/)

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install pricing_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your pricing_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var PricingApi = require('pricing_api');


var api = new PricingApi.PricingApi()
var type = "sms"; // {String} The type of service you wish to retrieve data about: either `sms`, `sms-transit` or `voice`.
var apiKey = "apiKey_example"; // {String} Your Nexmo API key.
var apiSecret = "apiSecret_example"; // {String} Your Nexmo API secret.
var prefix = "prefix_example"; // {String} The numerical dialing prefix to look up pricing for. Examples include 44, 1 and so on.
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.retrievePrefixPricing(type, apiKey, apiSecret, prefix, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://rest.nexmo.com/account*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*PricingApi.PricingApi* | [**retrievePrefixPricing**](docs/PricingApi.md#retrievePrefixPricing) | **GET** /get-prefix-pricing/outbound/{type} | Retrieve outbound pricing for a specific dialing prefix.
*PricingApi.PricingApi* | [**retrievePricingAllCountries**](docs/PricingApi.md#retrievePricingAllCountries) | **GET** /get-full-pricing/outbound/{type} | Retrieve outbound pricing for all countries.
*PricingApi.PricingApi* | [**retrievePricingCountry**](docs/PricingApi.md#retrievePricingCountry) | **GET** /get-pricing/outbound/{type} | Retrieve outbound pricing for a specific country.


## Documentation for Models

 - [PricingApi.CountryObject](docs/CountryObject.md)
 - [PricingApi.NetworkObject](docs/NetworkObject.md)
 - [PricingApi.PricingCountriesResponse](docs/PricingCountriesResponse.md)
 - [PricingApi.PricingCountryResponse](docs/PricingCountryResponse.md)
 - [PricingApi.RetrievePricingAllCountries400Response](docs/RetrievePricingAllCountries400Response.md)
 - [PricingApi.RetrievePricingAllCountries400ResponseInvalidParameters](docs/RetrievePricingAllCountries400ResponseInvalidParameters.md)
 - [PricingApi.RetrievePricingAllCountries401Response](docs/RetrievePricingAllCountries401Response.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

