# CloudDataFusionApi.Instance

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**accelerators** | [**[Accelerator]**](Accelerator.md) | Output only. List of accelerators enabled for this CDF instance. | [optional] [readonly] 
**apiEndpoint** | **String** | Output only. Endpoint on which the REST APIs is accessible. | [optional] [readonly] 
**availableVersion** | [**[Version]**](Version.md) | Output only. Available versions that the instance can be upgraded to using UpdateInstanceRequest. | [optional] [readonly] 
**createTime** | **String** | Output only. The time the instance was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**cryptoKeyConfig** | [**CryptoKeyConfig**](CryptoKeyConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**dataplexDataLineageIntegrationEnabled** | **Boolean** | Optional. Option to enable the Dataplex Lineage Integration feature. | [optional] 
**dataprocServiceAccount** | **String** | User-managed service account to set on Dataproc when Cloud Data Fusion creates Dataproc to run data processing pipelines. This allows users to have fine-grained access control on Dataproc&#39;s accesses to cloud resources. | [optional] 
**description** | **String** | A description of this instance. | [optional] 
**disabledReason** | **[String]** | Output only. If the instance state is DISABLED, the reason for disabling the instance. | [optional] [readonly] 
**displayName** | **String** | Display name for an instance. | [optional] 
**enableRbac** | **Boolean** | Option to enable granular role-based access control. | [optional] 
**enableStackdriverLogging** | **Boolean** | Option to enable Stackdriver Logging. | [optional] 
**enableStackdriverMonitoring** | **Boolean** | Option to enable Stackdriver Monitoring. | [optional] 
**enableZoneSeparation** | **Boolean** | Option to enable zone separation. | [optional] 
**eventPublishConfig** | [**EventPublishConfig**](EventPublishConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**gcsBucket** | **String** | Output only. Cloud Storage bucket generated by Data Fusion in the customer project. | [optional] [readonly] 
**labels** | **{String: String}** | The resource labels for instance to use to annotate any related underlying resources such as Compute Engine VMs. The character &#39;&#x3D;&#39; is not allowed to be used within the labels. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | Output only. The name of this instance is in the form of projects/{project}/locations/{location}/instances/{instance}. | [optional] [readonly] 
**networkConfig** | [**NetworkConfig**](NetworkConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**options** | **{String: String}** | Map of additional options used to configure the behavior of Data Fusion instance. | [optional] 
**p4ServiceAccount** | **String** | Output only. P4 service account for the customer project. | [optional] [readonly] 
**patchRevision** | **String** | Optional. Current patch revision of the Data Fusion. | [optional] 
**privateInstance** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether the Data Fusion instance should be private. If set to true, all Data Fusion nodes will have private IP addresses and will not be able to access the public internet. | [optional] 
**satisfiesPzs** | **Boolean** | Output only. Reserved for future use. | [optional] [readonly] 
**serviceAccount** | **String** | Output only. Deprecated. Use tenant_project_id instead to extract the tenant project ID. | [optional] [readonly] 
**serviceEndpoint** | **String** | Output only. Endpoint on which the Data Fusion UI is accessible. | [optional] [readonly] 
**state** | **String** | Output only. The current state of this Data Fusion instance. | [optional] [readonly] 
**stateMessage** | **String** | Output only. Additional information about the current state of this Data Fusion instance if available. | [optional] [readonly] 
**tenantProjectId** | **String** | Output only. The name of the tenant project. | [optional] [readonly] 
**type** | **String** | Required. Instance type. | [optional] 
**updateTime** | **String** | Output only. The time the instance was last updated. | [optional] [readonly] 
**version** | **String** | Current version of Data Fusion. | [optional] 
**workforceIdentityServiceEndpoint** | **String** | Output only. Endpoint on which the Data Fusion UI is accessible to third-party users. | [optional] [readonly] 
**zone** | **String** | Name of the zone in which the Data Fusion instance will be created. Only DEVELOPER instances use this field. | [optional] 



## Enum: [DisabledReasonEnum]


* `DISABLED_REASON_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"DISABLED_REASON_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `KMS_KEY_ISSUE` (value: `"KMS_KEY_ISSUE"`)





## Enum: StateEnum


* `STATE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"STATE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `CREATING` (value: `"CREATING"`)

* `RUNNING` (value: `"RUNNING"`)

* `FAILED` (value: `"FAILED"`)

* `DELETING` (value: `"DELETING"`)

* `UPGRADING` (value: `"UPGRADING"`)

* `RESTARTING` (value: `"RESTARTING"`)

* `UPDATING` (value: `"UPDATING"`)

* `AUTO_UPDATING` (value: `"AUTO_UPDATING"`)

* `AUTO_UPGRADING` (value: `"AUTO_UPGRADING"`)

* `DISABLED` (value: `"DISABLED"`)





## Enum: TypeEnum


* `TYPE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"TYPE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `BASIC` (value: `"BASIC"`)

* `ENTERPRISE` (value: `"ENTERPRISE"`)

* `DEVELOPER` (value: `"DEVELOPER"`)




