# search_ly_api_v1

SearchLyApiV1 - JavaScript client for search_ly_api_v1
# Introduction
The SearchLy API provides similarity searching based on song lyrics.

# Operations
The API allows for the `/similarity/by_song` operation, which allows clients to search the similarity for an existing song in the database. Also, the API has an additional `/similarity/by_content` endpoint which allows clients to search similarity given a free String input through a JSON request body. Additional `/song/search` operation is available for searching songs given a query String.

# Endpoint
The API endpoint for the SearchLy API v1 is as follows:
```
https://searchly.asuarez.dev/api/v1
```

# Motivation
This project was built in order to create an API for searching similarities based on song lyrics. There are a lot of songs in the industry and most of them are talking about the same topic. What I wanted to prove with SearchLy was to estimate how similar are two songs between them based on the meaning of their lyrics.

SearchLy is using a database of 100k songs from AZLyrics, using [this scraper](https://github.com/AlbertSuarez/azlyrics-scraper), which is being updated periodically. Then, using word2vec and NMSLIB, it was possible to create an index where you can search similarities using the k-nearest neighbors (KNN) algorithm.

> **Note**: I am currently using a micro-instance from DigitalOcean where the API is deployed, so you should expect a bad performance. However, if this API becomes popular I will deploy it in a bigger instance.

This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0
- Package version: 1.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install search_ly_api_v1 --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your search_ly_api_v1 from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var SearchLyApiV1 = require('search_ly_api_v1');


var api = new SearchLyApiV1.SimilarityApi()
var srcSearchlyApiV1ControllersSimilarityByContentRequest = new SearchLyApiV1.SrcSearchlyApiV1ControllersSimilarityByContentRequest(); // {SrcSearchlyApiV1ControllersSimilarityByContentRequest} Body wrapper for the request.
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.srcSearchlyApiV1ControllersSimilarityByContent(srcSearchlyApiV1ControllersSimilarityByContentRequest, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://searchly.asuarez.dev/api/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*SearchLyApiV1.SimilarityApi* | [**srcSearchlyApiV1ControllersSimilarityByContent**](docs/SimilarityApi.md#srcSearchlyApiV1ControllersSimilarityByContent) | **POST** /similarity/by_content | API endpoint to search similarity using content
*SearchLyApiV1.SimilarityApi* | [**srcSearchlyApiV1ControllersSimilarityBySong**](docs/SimilarityApi.md#srcSearchlyApiV1ControllersSimilarityBySong) | **GET** /similarity/by_song | API endpoint to search similarity using a song identifier
*SearchLyApiV1.SongApi* | [**srcSearchlyApiV1ControllersSongSearch**](docs/SongApi.md#srcSearchlyApiV1ControllersSongSearch) | **GET** /song/search | API endpoint to search songs from the database given a query


## Documentation for Models

 - [SearchLyApiV1.APIResponseSimilarity](docs/APIResponseSimilarity.md)
 - [SearchLyApiV1.APIResponseSimilarityResponse](docs/APIResponseSimilarityResponse.md)
 - [SearchLyApiV1.APIResponseSimilarityResponseSimilarityListInner](docs/APIResponseSimilarityResponseSimilarityListInner.md)
 - [SearchLyApiV1.APIResponseSong](docs/APIResponseSong.md)
 - [SearchLyApiV1.APIResponseSongResponse](docs/APIResponseSongResponse.md)
 - [SearchLyApiV1.APIResponseSongResponseResultsInner](docs/APIResponseSongResponseResultsInner.md)
 - [SearchLyApiV1.SrcSearchlyApiV1ControllersSimilarityByContentRequest](docs/SrcSearchlyApiV1ControllersSimilarityByContentRequest.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

