# synq_video

SynqVideo - JavaScript client for synq_video
* [Sign up for a developer API key!](https://www.synq.fm/register)
* [SYNQ API Guide](/)
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.9.1
- Package version: 1.9.1
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install synq_video --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your synq_video from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var SynqVideo = require('synq_video');


var api = new SynqVideo.VideoApi()
var apiKey = "apiKey_example"; // {String} 
var opts = {
  'userdata': "userdata_example" // {String} Additional metadata that will be associated with the video
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.create(apiKey, opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.synq.fm/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*SynqVideo.VideoApi* | [**create**](docs/VideoApi.md#create) | **POST** /video/create | Create a new video, optionally setting some metadata fields.
*SynqVideo.VideoApi* | [**details**](docs/VideoApi.md#details) | **POST** /video/details | Return details about a video.
*SynqVideo.VideoApi* | [**query**](docs/VideoApi.md#query) | **POST** /video/query | Perform a JavaScript query to return video objects matching any desired criteria.
*SynqVideo.VideoApi* | [**stream**](docs/VideoApi.md#stream) | **POST** /video/stream | Returns urls for streaming.
*SynqVideo.VideoApi* | [**update**](docs/VideoApi.md#update) | **POST** /video/update | Update a video&#39;s metadata.
*SynqVideo.VideoApi* | [**upload**](docs/VideoApi.md#upload) | **POST** /video/upload | Return parameters needed for uploading a video file.
*SynqVideo.VideoApi* | [**uploader**](docs/VideoApi.md#uploader) | **POST** /video/uploader | Return embeddable url to an uploader widget


## Documentation for Models

 - [SynqVideo.ErrorObject](docs/ErrorObject.md)
 - [SynqVideo.StreamConfigurationObject](docs/StreamConfigurationObject.md)
 - [SynqVideo.StreamInformationObject](docs/StreamInformationObject.md)
 - [SynqVideo.UploadParameterObject](docs/UploadParameterObject.md)
 - [SynqVideo.UploaderInformationObject](docs/UploaderInformationObject.md)
 - [SynqVideo.VideoObject](docs/VideoObject.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

