# WebSecurityScannerApi.ScanConfig

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**authentication** | [**Authentication**](Authentication.md) |  | [optional] 
**blacklistPatterns** | **[String]** | The excluded URL patterns as described in https://cloud.google.com/security-command-center/docs/how-to-use-web-security-scanner#excluding_urls | [optional] 
**displayName** | **String** | Required. The user provided display name of the ScanConfig. | [optional] 
**exportToSecurityCommandCenter** | **String** | Controls export of scan configurations and results to Security Command Center. | [optional] 
**ignoreHttpStatusErrors** | **Boolean** | Whether to keep scanning even if most requests return HTTP error codes. | [optional] 
**latestRun** | [**ScanRun**](ScanRun.md) |  | [optional] 
**managedScan** | **Boolean** | Whether the scan config is managed by Web Security Scanner, output only. | [optional] 
**maxQps** | **Number** | The maximum QPS during scanning. A valid value ranges from 5 to 20 inclusively. If the field is unspecified or its value is set 0, server will default to 15. Other values outside of [5, 20] range will be rejected with INVALID_ARGUMENT error. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | The resource name of the ScanConfig. The name follows the format of &#39;projects/{projectId}/scanConfigs/{scanConfigId}&#39;. The ScanConfig IDs are generated by the system. | [optional] 
**riskLevel** | **String** | The risk level selected for the scan | [optional] 
**schedule** | [**Schedule**](Schedule.md) |  | [optional] 
**startingUrls** | **[String]** | Required. The starting URLs from which the scanner finds site pages. | [optional] 
**staticIpScan** | **Boolean** | Whether the scan configuration has enabled static IP address scan feature. If enabled, the scanner will access applications from static IP addresses. | [optional] 
**targetPlatforms** | **[String]** | Set of Google Cloud platforms targeted by the scan. If empty, APP_ENGINE will be used as a default. | [optional] 
**userAgent** | **String** | The user agent used during scanning. | [optional] 



## Enum: ExportToSecurityCommandCenterEnum


* `EXPORT_TO_SECURITY_COMMAND_CENTER_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"EXPORT_TO_SECURITY_COMMAND_CENTER_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `ENABLED` (value: `"ENABLED"`)

* `DISABLED` (value: `"DISABLED"`)





## Enum: RiskLevelEnum


* `RISK_LEVEL_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"RISK_LEVEL_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `NORMAL` (value: `"NORMAL"`)

* `LOW` (value: `"LOW"`)





## Enum: [TargetPlatformsEnum]


* `TARGET_PLATFORM_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"TARGET_PLATFORM_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `APP_ENGINE` (value: `"APP_ENGINE"`)

* `COMPUTE` (value: `"COMPUTE"`)

* `CLOUD_RUN` (value: `"CLOUD_RUN"`)

* `CLOUD_FUNCTIONS` (value: `"CLOUD_FUNCTIONS"`)





## Enum: UserAgentEnum


* `USER_AGENT_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"USER_AGENT_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `CHROME_LINUX` (value: `"CHROME_LINUX"`)

* `CHROME_ANDROID` (value: `"CHROME_ANDROID"`)

* `SAFARI_IPHONE` (value: `"SAFARI_IPHONE"`)




