# CloudDataprocApi.KerberosConfig

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**crossRealmTrustAdminServer** | **String** | Optional. The admin server (IP or hostname) for the remote trusted realm in a cross realm trust relationship. | [optional] 
**crossRealmTrustKdc** | **String** | Optional. The KDC (IP or hostname) for the remote trusted realm in a cross realm trust relationship. | [optional] 
**crossRealmTrustRealm** | **String** | Optional. The remote realm the Dataproc on-cluster KDC will trust, should the user enable cross realm trust. | [optional] 
**crossRealmTrustSharedPasswordUri** | **String** | Optional. The Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted file containing the shared password between the on-cluster Kerberos realm and the remote trusted realm, in a cross realm trust relationship. | [optional] 
**enableKerberos** | **Boolean** | Optional. Flag to indicate whether to Kerberize the cluster (default: false). Set this field to true to enable Kerberos on a cluster. | [optional] 
**kdcDbKeyUri** | **String** | Optional. The Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted file containing the master key of the KDC database. | [optional] 
**keyPasswordUri** | **String** | Optional. The Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted file containing the password to the user provided key. For the self-signed certificate, this password is generated by Dataproc. | [optional] 
**keystorePasswordUri** | **String** | Optional. The Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted file containing the password to the user provided keystore. For the self-signed certificate, this password is generated by Dataproc. | [optional] 
**keystoreUri** | **String** | Optional. The Cloud Storage URI of the keystore file used for SSL encryption. If not provided, Dataproc will provide a self-signed certificate. | [optional] 
**kmsKeyUri** | **String** | Optional. The URI of the KMS key used to encrypt sensitive files. | [optional] 
**realm** | **String** | Optional. The name of the on-cluster Kerberos realm. If not specified, the uppercased domain of hostnames will be the realm. | [optional] 
**rootPrincipalPasswordUri** | **String** | Optional. The Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted file containing the root principal password. | [optional] 
**tgtLifetimeHours** | **Number** | Optional. The lifetime of the ticket granting ticket, in hours. If not specified, or user specifies 0, then default value 10 will be used. | [optional] 
**truststorePasswordUri** | **String** | Optional. The Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted file containing the password to the user provided truststore. For the self-signed certificate, this password is generated by Dataproc. | [optional] 
**truststoreUri** | **String** | Optional. The Cloud Storage URI of the truststore file used for SSL encryption. If not provided, Dataproc will provide a self-signed certificate. | [optional] 


