# elmah_io_api

ElmahIoApi - JavaScript client for elmah_io_api
This is the public REST API for elmah.io. All of the integrations communicates with elmah.io through this API.<br/><br/>For additional help getting started with the API, visit the following help articles:<br/><ul><li>[Using the REST API](https://docs.elmah.io/using-the-rest-api/)</li><li>[Where is my API key?](https://docs.elmah.io/where-is-my-api-key/)</li><li>[Where is my log ID?](https://docs.elmah.io/where-is-my-log-id/)</li><li>[How to configure API key permissions](https://docs.elmah.io/how-to-configure-api-key-permissions/)</li></ul>
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: v3
- Package version: v3
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install elmah_io_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your elmah_io_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var ElmahIoApi = require('elmah_io_api');

var defaultClient = ElmahIoApi.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure API key authorization: api_key
var api_key = defaultClient.authentications['api_key'];
api_key.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//api_key.apiKeyPrefix['api_key'] = "Token"

var api = new ElmahIoApi.DeploymentsApi()
var opts = {
  'createDeployment': new ElmahIoApi.CreateDeployment() // {CreateDeployment} The deployment object to create.
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.deploymentsCreate(opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ElmahIoApi.DeploymentsApi* | [**deploymentsCreate**](docs/DeploymentsApi.md#deploymentsCreate) | **POST** /v3/deployments | Create a new deployment.
*ElmahIoApi.DeploymentsApi* | [**deploymentsDelete**](docs/DeploymentsApi.md#deploymentsDelete) | **DELETE** /v3/deployments/{id} | Delete a deployment by its ID.
*ElmahIoApi.DeploymentsApi* | [**deploymentsGet**](docs/DeploymentsApi.md#deploymentsGet) | **GET** /v3/deployments/{id} | Fetch a deployment by its ID.
*ElmahIoApi.DeploymentsApi* | [**deploymentsGetAll**](docs/DeploymentsApi.md#deploymentsGetAll) | **GET** /v3/deployments | Fetch a list of deployments.
*ElmahIoApi.HeartbeatsApi* | [**heartbeatsCreate**](docs/HeartbeatsApi.md#heartbeatsCreate) | **POST** /v3/heartbeats/{logId}/{id} | Create a new heartbeat.
*ElmahIoApi.LogsApi* | [**logsCreate**](docs/LogsApi.md#logsCreate) | **POST** /v3/logs | Create a new log.
*ElmahIoApi.LogsApi* | [**logsDiagnose**](docs/LogsApi.md#logsDiagnose) | **GET** /v3/logs/{id}/_diagnose | Help diagnose logging problems.
*ElmahIoApi.LogsApi* | [**logsDisable**](docs/LogsApi.md#logsDisable) | **POST** /v3/logs/{id}/_disable | Disable a log by its ID.
*ElmahIoApi.LogsApi* | [**logsEnable**](docs/LogsApi.md#logsEnable) | **POST** /v3/logs/{id}/_enable | Enable a log by its ID.
*ElmahIoApi.LogsApi* | [**logsGet**](docs/LogsApi.md#logsGet) | **GET** /v3/logs/{id} | Fetch a log by its ID.
*ElmahIoApi.LogsApi* | [**logsGetAll**](docs/LogsApi.md#logsGetAll) | **GET** /v3/logs | Fetch a list of logs.
*ElmahIoApi.MessagesApi* | [**messagesCreate**](docs/MessagesApi.md#messagesCreate) | **POST** /v3/messages/{logId} | Create a new message.
*ElmahIoApi.MessagesApi* | [**messagesCreateBulk**](docs/MessagesApi.md#messagesCreateBulk) | **POST** /v3/messages/{logId}/_bulk | Create one or more new messages.
*ElmahIoApi.MessagesApi* | [**messagesDelete**](docs/MessagesApi.md#messagesDelete) | **DELETE** /v3/messages/{logId}/{id} | Delete a message by its ID.
*ElmahIoApi.MessagesApi* | [**messagesDeleteAll**](docs/MessagesApi.md#messagesDeleteAll) | **DELETE** /v3/messages/{logId} | Deletes a list of messages by logid and query.
*ElmahIoApi.MessagesApi* | [**messagesFix**](docs/MessagesApi.md#messagesFix) | **POST** /v3/messages/{logId}/{id}/_fix | Fix a message by its ID.
*ElmahIoApi.MessagesApi* | [**messagesFixAll**](docs/MessagesApi.md#messagesFixAll) | **POST** /v3/messages/{logId}/_fix | Mark a list of messages as fixed by logid and query.
*ElmahIoApi.MessagesApi* | [**messagesGet**](docs/MessagesApi.md#messagesGet) | **GET** /v3/messages/{logId}/{id} | Fetch a message by its ID.
*ElmahIoApi.MessagesApi* | [**messagesGetAll**](docs/MessagesApi.md#messagesGetAll) | **GET** /v3/messages/{logId} | Fetch messages from a log.
*ElmahIoApi.MessagesApi* | [**messagesHide**](docs/MessagesApi.md#messagesHide) | **POST** /v3/messages/{logId}/{id}/_hide | Hide a message by its ID.
*ElmahIoApi.SourceMapsApi* | [**sourceMapsCreateOrUpdate**](docs/SourceMapsApi.md#sourceMapsCreateOrUpdate) | **POST** /v3/sourcemaps/{logId} | Create or update a translation between a minified JavaScript path to the minified JavaScript and source map files.
*ElmahIoApi.UptimeChecksApi* | [**uptimeChecksGetAll**](docs/UptimeChecksApi.md#uptimeChecksGetAll) | **GET** /v3/uptimechecks | Fetch a list of uptime checks. Currently in closed beta. Get in contact to get access to this endpoint.


## Documentation for Models

 - [ElmahIoApi.Breadcrumb](docs/Breadcrumb.md)
 - [ElmahIoApi.CreateBulkMessageResult](docs/CreateBulkMessageResult.md)
 - [ElmahIoApi.CreateDeployment](docs/CreateDeployment.md)
 - [ElmahIoApi.CreateDeploymentResult](docs/CreateDeploymentResult.md)
 - [ElmahIoApi.CreateHeartbeat](docs/CreateHeartbeat.md)
 - [ElmahIoApi.CreateLog](docs/CreateLog.md)
 - [ElmahIoApi.CreateLogResult](docs/CreateLogResult.md)
 - [ElmahIoApi.CreateMessage](docs/CreateMessage.md)
 - [ElmahIoApi.CreateMessageResult](docs/CreateMessageResult.md)
 - [ElmahIoApi.Deployment](docs/Deployment.md)
 - [ElmahIoApi.Item](docs/Item.md)
 - [ElmahIoApi.Log](docs/Log.md)
 - [ElmahIoApi.Message](docs/Message.md)
 - [ElmahIoApi.MessageOverview](docs/MessageOverview.md)
 - [ElmahIoApi.MessagesResult](docs/MessagesResult.md)
 - [ElmahIoApi.Search](docs/Search.md)
 - [ElmahIoApi.UptimeCheck](docs/UptimeCheck.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### api_key


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: api_key
- **Location**: URL query string

