# match_api

MatchApi - JavaScript client for match_api
Helps acquirers identify potentially high-risk merchants before entering to a merchant agreement.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install match_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your match_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var MatchApi = require('match_api');


var api = new MatchApi.AcquirerContactRequestApi()
var contactRequest = new MatchApi.ContactRequestSchema(); // {ContactRequestSchema} The contact request object
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.fraudMerchantV3CommonContactDetailsPost(contactRequest, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.mastercard.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*MatchApi.AcquirerContactRequestApi* | [**fraudMerchantV3CommonContactDetailsPost**](docs/AcquirerContactRequestApi.md#fraudMerchantV3CommonContactDetailsPost) | **POST** /fraud/merchant/v3/common/contact-details | Returns the contact information for the acquirer id requested. When MATCH returns a possible merchant match, this resource assists users by retrieving the contact information associated with the Acquirer ID/ICA that added the merchant to MATCH.
*MatchApi.AddTerminatedMerchantApi* | [**fraudMerchantV3AddMerchantPost**](docs/AddTerminatedMerchantApi.md#fraudMerchantV3AddMerchantPost) | **POST** /fraud/merchant/v3/add-merchant | Used by Acquirers to add a terminated a merchant in the MATCH system. Merchant information, and up to five principal owners per merchant, can be provided by an acquiring bank as part of the listing.
*MatchApi.RetroactiveInquiryDetailsRequestApi* | [**fraudMerchantV3RetroRetroInquiryDetailsPost**](docs/RetroactiveInquiryDetailsRequestApi.md#fraudMerchantV3RetroRetroInquiryDetailsPost) | **POST** /fraud/merchant/v3/retro/retro-inquiry-details | Returns detailed information about Merchants, URLs and up to five principal owners, that have been terminated by an acquiring bank after the inquiry was made.  This MATCH resource assists acquirer&#39;s ability to consider the merchants terminated after the inquiry was made. If an initial inquiry does not result in a possible match, it is still possible that the merchant listing could appear sometime in the next 360 days. This may occur when another acquirer enters the merchant into the MATCH database. The system will automatically continue to search the MATCH system for 360 days. To view these notifications, acquirers must use the Retroactive Inquiry Summary service. This resource can be used to obtain detailed information, such as, if a Merchant or individual has been terminated by another acquirer after an inquiry was made, the reason for termination, and the history of fraudulent or risky business practices that led to that termination.
*MatchApi.RetroactiveInquiryRequestApi* | [**fraudMerchantV3RetroRetroListPost**](docs/RetroactiveInquiryRequestApi.md#fraudMerchantV3RetroRetroListPost) | **POST** /fraud/merchant/v3/retro/retro-list | Returns the summary of Retro matches for the given Acquirer Id. This resource will return the summary of Retroactive Inquiry matches for the given Acquirer ID/ICA. If an initial inquiry does not result in a possible match, it is still possible that the merchant listing could appear sometime in the next 360 days. This may occur when another acquirer enters the merchant into the MATCH database. The system will automatically continue to search the MATCH system for 360 days. To view these notifications, acquirers must use the Retroactive Inquiry service.
*MatchApi.TerminationInquiryHistoryRequestApi* | [**fraudMerchantV3TerminationInquiryIRNGet**](docs/TerminationInquiryHistoryRequestApi.md#fraudMerchantV3TerminationInquiryIRNGet) | **GET** /fraud/merchant/v3/termination-inquiry/{IRN} | Returns information about Merchants, URLs and up to five principal owners, that have been terminated by an acquiring bank from a previous inquiry. The Inquiry History Results resource displays the inquiry with the option to view either; Possible Merchant Matches or Possible Inquiry Matches.
*MatchApi.TerminationInquiryRequestApi* | [**fraudMerchantV3TerminationInquiryPost**](docs/TerminationInquiryRequestApi.md#fraudMerchantV3TerminationInquiryPost) | **POST** /fraud/merchant/v3/termination-inquiry | Returns information on merchants that have been terminated and merchants that have inquired upon. Provides the acquiring bank with information, such as, if a Merchant or individual has been terminated by another acquirer already, the reason for termination, the history of fraudulent or risky business practices that led to that termination and the inquiry that was made already on the Merchant or individual by own or another acquiring bank (if opted).


## Documentation for Models

 - [MatchApi.AddMerchantMerchant](docs/AddMerchantMerchant.md)
 - [MatchApi.AddMerchantRequest](docs/AddMerchantRequest.md)
 - [MatchApi.AddMerchantResponse](docs/AddMerchantResponse.md)
 - [MatchApi.AddTerminatedMerchantRequestSchema](docs/AddTerminatedMerchantRequestSchema.md)
 - [MatchApi.AddTerminatedMerchantResponseSchema](docs/AddTerminatedMerchantResponseSchema.md)
 - [MatchApi.Address](docs/Address.md)
 - [MatchApi.Contact](docs/Contact.md)
 - [MatchApi.ContactRequest](docs/ContactRequest.md)
 - [MatchApi.ContactRequestSchema](docs/ContactRequestSchema.md)
 - [MatchApi.ContactResponse](docs/ContactResponse.md)
 - [MatchApi.ContactResponseSchema](docs/ContactResponseSchema.md)
 - [MatchApi.DriversLicense](docs/DriversLicense.md)
 - [MatchApi.Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [MatchApi.Errors](docs/Errors.md)
 - [MatchApi.ErrorsResponse](docs/ErrorsResponse.md)
 - [MatchApi.InquiredMerchant](docs/InquiredMerchant.md)
 - [MatchApi.InquiredMerchantMerchant](docs/InquiredMerchantMerchant.md)
 - [MatchApi.Merchant](docs/Merchant.md)
 - [MatchApi.MerchantMatch](docs/MerchantMatch.md)
 - [MatchApi.PossibleInquiryMatches](docs/PossibleInquiryMatches.md)
 - [MatchApi.PossibleMerchantMatches](docs/PossibleMerchantMatches.md)
 - [MatchApi.Principal](docs/Principal.md)
 - [MatchApi.PrincipalMatch](docs/PrincipalMatch.md)
 - [MatchApi.RetroInquiryRequest](docs/RetroInquiryRequest.md)
 - [MatchApi.RetroInquiryRequestSchema](docs/RetroInquiryRequestSchema.md)
 - [MatchApi.RetroInquiryResponse](docs/RetroInquiryResponse.md)
 - [MatchApi.RetroInquiryResponseSchema](docs/RetroInquiryResponseSchema.md)
 - [MatchApi.RetroRequest](docs/RetroRequest.md)
 - [MatchApi.RetroRequestSchema](docs/RetroRequestSchema.md)
 - [MatchApi.RetroResponse](docs/RetroResponse.md)
 - [MatchApi.RetroResponseSchema](docs/RetroResponseSchema.md)
 - [MatchApi.SearchCriteria](docs/SearchCriteria.md)
 - [MatchApi.TerminatedMerchant](docs/TerminatedMerchant.md)
 - [MatchApi.TerminationInquiry](docs/TerminationInquiry.md)
 - [MatchApi.TerminationInquiryRequest](docs/TerminationInquiryRequest.md)
 - [MatchApi.TerminationInquiryRequestSchema](docs/TerminationInquiryRequestSchema.md)
 - [MatchApi.TerminationInquirySchema](docs/TerminationInquirySchema.md)
 - [MatchApi.Url](docs/Url.md)
 - [MatchApi.UrlGroup](docs/UrlGroup.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

