# dweet_io

DweetIo - JavaScript client for dweet_io
Dweet.io allows users to share data from mobile, tablets, and pcs, and them to other devices and accounts across social media platforms. Dweet.io provides an API to access the different functionality of the Dweet.io service. Users can make REST calls to read and create dweets, lock and unlock things, and perform other calls. The API returns JSON and JSONP.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 2.0
- Package version: 2.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install dweet_io --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your dweet_io from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var DweetIo = require('dweet_io');


var api = new DweetIo.AlertsApi()
var who = "who_example"; // {String} A comma separated list of Email addresses to send the alert to.
var thing = "thing_example"; // {String} A unique name of a thing. It is recommended that you use a GUID as to avoid name collisions.
var condition = "condition_example"; // {String} A condition that returns a string or a true value if a condition is met.
var key = "key_example"; // {String} A valid key for a locked thing. If the thing is not locked, this can be ignored.
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully.');
  }
};
api.createAlertGET(who, thing, condition, key, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://dweet.io*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DweetIo.AlertsApi* | [**createAlertGET**](docs/AlertsApi.md#createAlertGET) | **GET** /alert/{who}/when/{thing}/{condition} | Create an alert for a thing. A thing must be locked before an alert can be set.
*DweetIo.AlertsApi* | [**getAlert**](docs/AlertsApi.md#getAlert) | **GET** /get/alert/for/{thing} | Get the alert attached to a thing.
*DweetIo.AlertsApi* | [**removeAlert**](docs/AlertsApi.md#removeAlert) | **GET** /remove/alert/for/{thing} | Remove an alert for a thing.
*DweetIo.DweetsApi* | [**dweetForThingPost**](docs/DweetsApi.md#dweetForThingPost) | **POST** /dweet/for/{thing} | Create a dweet for a thing.
*DweetIo.DweetsApi* | [**dweetQuietlyForThingPost**](docs/DweetsApi.md#dweetQuietlyForThingPost) | **POST** /dweet/quietly/for/{thing} | Create a dweet for a thing.  This method differs from /dweet/for/{thing} only in that successful dweets result in an HTTP 204 response rather than the typical verbose response.
*DweetIo.DweetsApi* | [**getDweetsForThingGet**](docs/DweetsApi.md#getDweetsForThingGet) | **GET** /get/dweets/for/{thing} | Read the last 5 cached dweets for a thing.
*DweetIo.DweetsApi* | [**getLatestDweet**](docs/DweetsApi.md#getLatestDweet) | **GET** /get/latest/dweet/for/{thing} | Read the latest dweet for a thing.
*DweetIo.DweetsApi* | [**listenForDweets**](docs/DweetsApi.md#listenForDweets) | **GET** /listen/for/dweets/from/{thing} | Listen for dweets from a thing.
*DweetIo.LocksApi* | [**lockThing**](docs/LocksApi.md#lockThing) | **GET** /lock/{thing} | Reserve and lock a thing.
*DweetIo.LocksApi* | [**removeLock**](docs/LocksApi.md#removeLock) | **GET** /remove/lock/{lock} | Remove a lock from thing.
*DweetIo.LocksApi* | [**unlockThing**](docs/LocksApi.md#unlockThing) | **GET** /unlock/{thing} | Unlock a thing.
*DweetIo.StorageApi* | [**getStoredAlerts**](docs/StorageApi.md#getStoredAlerts) | **GET** /get/stored/alerts/for/{thing} | Read all the saved alerts for a thing from long term storage.  You can query a maximum of 1 day per request and a granularly of 1 hour.
*DweetIo.StorageApi* | [**getStoredDweetsForThingGet**](docs/StorageApi.md#getStoredDweetsForThingGet) | **GET** /get/stored/dweets/for/{thing} | Read all the saved dweets for a thing from long term storage.  You can query a maximum of 1 day per request and a granularly of 1 hour.


## Documentation for Models



## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

