# BareMetalSolutionApi.Instance

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**createTime** | **String** | Output only. Create a time stamp. | [optional] [readonly] 
**firmwareVersion** | **String** | Output only. The firmware version for the instance. | [optional] [readonly] 
**hyperthreadingEnabled** | **Boolean** | True if you enable hyperthreading for the server, otherwise false. The default value is false. | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | Output only. An identifier for the &#x60;Instance&#x60;, generated by the backend. | [optional] [readonly] 
**interactiveSerialConsoleEnabled** | **Boolean** | Output only. True if the interactive serial console feature is enabled for the instance, false otherwise. The default value is false. | [optional] [readonly] 
**kmsKeyVersion** | **String** | Optional. Name of the KMS crypto key version used to encrypt the initial passwords. The key has to have ASYMMETRIC_DECRYPT purpose. Format is &#x60;projects/{project}/locations/{location}/keyRings/{keyring}/cryptoKeys/{key}/cryptoKeyVersions/{version}&#x60;. | [optional] 
**labels** | **{String: String}** | Labels as key value pairs. | [optional] 
**logicalInterfaces** | [**[GoogleCloudBaremetalsolutionV2LogicalInterface]**](GoogleCloudBaremetalsolutionV2LogicalInterface.md) | List of logical interfaces for the instance. The number of logical interfaces will be the same as number of hardware bond/nic on the chosen network template. For the non-multivlan configurations (for eg, existing servers) that use existing default network template (bondaa-bondaa), both the Instance.networks field and the Instance.logical_interfaces fields will be filled to ensure backward compatibility. For the others, only Instance.logical_interfaces will be filled. | [optional] 
**loginInfo** | **String** | Output only. Text field about info for logging in. | [optional] [readonly] 
**luns** | [**[Lun]**](Lun.md) | Immutable. List of LUNs associated with this server. | [optional] 
**machineType** | **String** | Immutable. The server type. [Available server types](https://cloud.google.com/bare-metal/docs/bms-planning#server_configurations) | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | Immutable. The resource name of this &#x60;Instance&#x60;. Resource names are schemeless URIs that follow the conventions in https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names. Format: &#x60;projects/{project}/locations/{location}/instances/{instance}&#x60; | [optional] 
**networkTemplate** | **String** | Instance network template name. For eg, bondaa-bondaa, bondab-nic, etc. Generally, the template name follows the syntax of \&quot;bond\&quot; or \&quot;nic\&quot;. | [optional] 
**networks** | [**[Network]**](Network.md) | Output only. List of networks associated with this server. | [optional] [readonly] 
**osImage** | **String** | The OS image currently installed on the server. | [optional] 
**pod** | **String** | Immutable. Pod name. Pod is an independent part of infrastructure. Instance can only be connected to the assets (networks, volumes) allocated in the same pod. | [optional] 
**sshKeys** | **[String]** | Optional. List of SSH Keys used during instance provisioning. | [optional] 
**state** | **String** | Output only. The state of the server. | [optional] [readonly] 
**updateTime** | **String** | Output only. Update a time stamp. | [optional] [readonly] 
**volumes** | [**[Volume]**](Volume.md) | Input only. List of Volumes to attach to this Instance on creation. This field won&#39;t be populated in Get/List responses. | [optional] 
**workloadProfile** | **String** | The workload profile for the instance. | [optional] 



## Enum: StateEnum


* `STATE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"STATE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `PROVISIONING` (value: `"PROVISIONING"`)

* `RUNNING` (value: `"RUNNING"`)

* `DELETED` (value: `"DELETED"`)

* `UPDATING` (value: `"UPDATING"`)

* `STARTING` (value: `"STARTING"`)

* `STOPPING` (value: `"STOPPING"`)

* `SHUTDOWN` (value: `"SHUTDOWN"`)





## Enum: WorkloadProfileEnum


* `UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"WORKLOAD_PROFILE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `GENERIC` (value: `"WORKLOAD_PROFILE_GENERIC"`)

* `HANA` (value: `"WORKLOAD_PROFILE_HANA"`)




