# BareMetalSolutionApi.Lun

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**bootLun** | **Boolean** | Display if this LUN is a boot LUN. | [optional] 
**expireTime** | **String** | Output only. Time after which LUN will be fully deleted. It is filled only for LUNs in COOL_OFF state. | [optional] [readonly] 
**id** | **String** | An identifier for the LUN, generated by the backend. | [optional] 
**instances** | **[String]** | Output only. Instances this Lun is attached to. | [optional] [readonly] 
**multiprotocolType** | **String** | The LUN multiprotocol type ensures the characteristics of the LUN are optimized for each operating system. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | Output only. The name of the LUN. | [optional] [readonly] 
**shareable** | **Boolean** | Display if this LUN can be shared between multiple physical servers. | [optional] 
**sizeGb** | **String** | The size of this LUN, in GiB. | [optional] 
**state** | **String** | The state of this storage volume. | [optional] 
**storageType** | **String** | The storage type for this LUN. | [optional] 
**storageVolume** | **String** | Display the storage volume for this LUN. | [optional] 
**wwid** | **String** | The WWID for this LUN. | [optional] 



## Enum: MultiprotocolTypeEnum


* `MULTIPROTOCOL_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"MULTIPROTOCOL_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `LINUX` (value: `"LINUX"`)





## Enum: StateEnum


* `STATE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"STATE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `CREATING` (value: `"CREATING"`)

* `UPDATING` (value: `"UPDATING"`)

* `READY` (value: `"READY"`)

* `DELETING` (value: `"DELETING"`)

* `COOL_OFF` (value: `"COOL_OFF"`)





## Enum: StorageTypeEnum


* `STORAGE_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"STORAGE_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `SSD` (value: `"SSD"`)

* `HDD` (value: `"HDD"`)




