# BareMetalSolutionApi.Network

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cidr** | **String** | The cidr of the Network. | [optional] 
**gatewayIp** | **String** | Output only. Gateway ip address. | [optional] [readonly] 
**id** | **String** | An identifier for the &#x60;Network&#x60;, generated by the backend. | [optional] 
**ipAddress** | **String** | IP address configured. | [optional] 
**jumboFramesEnabled** | **Boolean** | Whether network uses standard frames or jumbo ones. | [optional] 
**labels** | **{String: String}** | Labels as key value pairs. | [optional] 
**macAddress** | **[String]** | List of physical interfaces. | [optional] 
**mountPoints** | [**[NetworkMountPoint]**](NetworkMountPoint.md) | Input only. List of mount points to attach the network to. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | Output only. The resource name of this &#x60;Network&#x60;. Resource names are schemeless URIs that follow the conventions in https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names. Format: &#x60;projects/{project}/locations/{location}/networks/{network}&#x60; | [optional] [readonly] 
**pod** | **String** | Immutable. Pod name. Pod is an independent part of infrastructure. Network can only be connected to the assets (instances, nfsshares) allocated in the same pod. | [optional] 
**reservations** | [**[NetworkAddressReservation]**](NetworkAddressReservation.md) | List of IP address reservations in this network. When updating this field, an error will be generated if a reservation conflicts with an IP address already allocated to a physical server. | [optional] 
**servicesCidr** | **String** | IP range for reserved for services (e.g. NFS). | [optional] 
**state** | **String** | The Network state. | [optional] 
**type** | **String** | The type of this network. | [optional] 
**vlanId** | **String** | The vlan id of the Network. | [optional] 
**vrf** | [**VRF**](VRF.md) |  | [optional] 
**vrfAttachment** | **String** | Optional. The name of a pre-existing Vrf that the network should be attached to. Format is &#x60;vrfs/{vrf}&#x60;. | [optional] 



## Enum: StateEnum


* `STATE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"STATE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `PROVISIONING` (value: `"PROVISIONING"`)

* `PROVISIONED` (value: `"PROVISIONED"`)

* `DEPROVISIONING` (value: `"DEPROVISIONING"`)

* `UPDATING` (value: `"UPDATING"`)





## Enum: TypeEnum


* `TYPE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"TYPE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `CLIENT` (value: `"CLIENT"`)

* `PRIVATE` (value: `"PRIVATE"`)




