# BareMetalSolutionApi.NfsShare

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**allowedClients** | [**[AllowedClient]**](AllowedClient.md) | List of allowed access points. | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | Output only. An identifier for the NFS share, generated by the backend. This is the same value as nfs_share_id and will replace it in the future. | [optional] [readonly] 
**labels** | **{String: String}** | Labels as key value pairs. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | Immutable. The name of the NFS share. | [optional] 
**nfsShareId** | **String** | Output only. An identifier for the NFS share, generated by the backend. This field will be deprecated in the future, use &#x60;id&#x60; instead. | [optional] [readonly] 
**pod** | **String** | Immutable. Pod name. Pod is an independent part of infrastructure. NFSShare can only be connected to the assets (networks, instances) allocated in the same pod. | [optional] 
**requestedSizeGib** | **String** | The requested size, in GiB. | [optional] 
**state** | **String** | Output only. The state of the NFS share. | [optional] [readonly] 
**storageType** | **String** | Immutable. The storage type of the underlying volume. | [optional] 
**volume** | **String** | Output only. The underlying volume of the share. Created automatically during provisioning. | [optional] [readonly] 



## Enum: StateEnum


* `STATE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"STATE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `PROVISIONED` (value: `"PROVISIONED"`)

* `CREATING` (value: `"CREATING"`)

* `UPDATING` (value: `"UPDATING"`)

* `DELETING` (value: `"DELETING"`)





## Enum: StorageTypeEnum


* `STORAGE_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"STORAGE_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `SSD` (value: `"SSD"`)

* `HDD` (value: `"HDD"`)




