# ProximityBeaconApi.EphemeralIdRegistration

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**beaconEcdhPublicKey** | **Blob** | The beacon&#39;s public key used for the Elliptic curve Diffie-Hellman key exchange. When this field is populated, &#x60;service_ecdh_public_key&#x60; must also be populated, and &#x60;beacon_identity_key&#x60; must not be. | [optional] 
**beaconIdentityKey** | **Blob** | The private key of the beacon. If this field is populated, &#x60;beacon_ecdh_public_key&#x60; and &#x60;service_ecdh_public_key&#x60; must not be populated. | [optional] 
**initialClockValue** | **String** | The initial clock value of the beacon. The beacon&#39;s clock must have begun counting at this value immediately prior to transmitting this value to the resolving service. Significant delay in transmitting this value to the service risks registration or resolution failures. If a value is not provided, the default is zero. | [optional] 
**initialEid** | **Blob** | An initial ephemeral ID calculated using the clock value submitted as &#x60;initial_clock_value&#x60;, and the secret key generated by the Diffie-Hellman key exchange using &#x60;service_ecdh_public_key&#x60; and &#x60;service_ecdh_public_key&#x60;. This initial EID value will be used by the service to confirm that the key exchange process was successful. | [optional] 
**rotationPeriodExponent** | **Number** | Indicates the nominal period between each rotation of the beacon&#39;s ephemeral ID. \&quot;Nominal\&quot; because the beacon should randomize the actual interval. See [the spec at github](https://github.com/google/eddystone/tree/master/eddystone-eid) for details. This value corresponds to a power-of-two scaler on the beacon&#39;s clock: when the scaler value is K, the beacon will begin broadcasting a new ephemeral ID on average every 2^K seconds. | [optional] 
**serviceEcdhPublicKey** | **Blob** | The service&#39;s public key used for the Elliptic curve Diffie-Hellman key exchange. When this field is populated, &#x60;beacon_ecdh_public_key&#x60; must also be populated, and &#x60;beacon_identity_key&#x60; must not be. | [optional] 


