# C++ Qt API client

# 

VA Forms

- API version: 0.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0

Use the VA Forms API to search for VA forms, get the form's PDF link and metadata, and check for new versions.

Visit our VA Lighthouse [Contact Us page](https://developer.va.gov/support) for further assistance.

## Background
This API offers an efficient way to stay up-to-date with the latest VA forms and information. The forms information listed on VA.gov matches the information returned by this API.
- Search by form number, keyword, or title
- Get a link to the form in PDF format
- Get detailed form metadata including the number of pages, related forms, benefit categories, language, and more
- Retrieve the latest date of PDF changes and the SHA256 checksum
- Identify when a form is deleted by the VA

## Technical summary
The VA Forms API collects form data from the official VA Form Repository on a nightly basis.  The Index endpoint can return all available forms or, if an optional query parameter is passed, will return only forms that may relate to the query value. When a valid form name is passed to the Show endpoint, it will return a single form with additional metadata and full revision history. A JSON response is given with the PDF link (if published) and the corresponding form metadata.

### Authentication and authorization
The form information shared by this API is publicly available.  API requests are authorized through a symmetric API token, provided in an HTTP header with name apikey. [Get a sandbox API Key](https://developer.va.gov/apply).

### Testing in sandbox environment
Form data in the sandbox environment is for testing your API only, and is not guaranteed to be up-to-date. This API also has a reduced API rate limit. When you're ready to move to production, be sure to [request a production API key.](https://developer.va.gov/go-live)

### SHA256 revision history
Each form is checked nightly for recent file changes. A corresponding SHA256 checksum is calculated, which provides a record of when the PDF changed and the SHA256 hash that was calculated. This allows end users to know that they have the most recent version and can verify the integrity of a previously downloaded PDF.

### Valid PDF link
Additionally, during the nightly refresh process, the link to the form PDF is verified and the `valid_pdf` metadata is updated accordingly. If marked `true`, the link is valid and is a current form. If marked `false`, the link is either broken or the form has been removed.

### Deleted forms
If the `deleted_at` metadata is set, that means the VA has removed this form from the repository and it is no longer to be used.



*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIFormsApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
    QString create();
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIFormsApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

QString Example::create(){
    QString obj;
 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIFormsApi apiInstance;
     
      // Configure API key authorization: apikey
      apiInstance.setApiKey("YOUR API KEY NAME","YOUR API KEY");

      QEventLoop loop;
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIFormsApi::findFormByFormNameSignal, [&]() {
          loop.quit();
      });
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIFormsApi::findFormByFormNameSignalE, [&](QNetworkReply::NetworkError, QString error_str) {
          qDebug() << "Error happened while issuing request : " << error_str;
          loop.quit();
      });

      QString form_name = create(); // QString | The VA form_name of the form being requested. The exact form name must be passed, including proper placement of prefixes and/or hyphens.
      apiInstance.findFormByFormName(form_name);
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### apikey


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: apikey
- **Location**: HTTP header


## Author




## License

 for more information visit []()