# voodoo_manufacturing_3_d_print_api

VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi - JavaScript client for voodoo_manufacturing_3_d_print_api
Welcome to the Voodoo Manufacturing API docs!

Your Voodoo Manufacturing API key must be included with each request to the API. The API will look for the key in the \"api_key\" header of the request. <a href=\"https://voodoomfg.com/3d-print-api#get-access\" target=\"_blank\">You can request a key here.</a>

This API provides a programmatic interface for submitting printing orders to Voodoo Manufacturing. The general process for creating an order is as follows:
  - Get a list of the available materials with the /materials endpoint
  - Upload models to the API with the /models endpoint
  - Get quotes for shipping methods with the /order/shipping endpoint
  - Get a quote for an order with the /order/create endpoint
  - Confirm the order with the /order/confirm endpoint

Uploaded models and orders can be retrieved either in bulk or by id at the /model and /order endpoints, respectively.

In some cases, you may wish to get a quote for a specific model without the context of an order. In this case, you may use the /model/quote (if you've already uploaded the model to the API) or the /model/quote_attrs (lets you quote based on calculated model attributes) endpoints.

This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 2.0.0
- Package version: 2.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install voodoo_manufacturing_3_d_print_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your voodoo_manufacturing_3_d_print_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi = require('voodoo_manufacturing_3_d_print_api');

var defaultClient = VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure API key authorization: Voodoo Manufacturing API Key
var Voodoo Manufacturing API Key = defaultClient.authentications['Voodoo Manufacturing API Key'];
Voodoo Manufacturing API Key.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//Voodoo Manufacturing API Key.apiKeyPrefix['api_key'] = "Token"

var api = new VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.MaterialsApi()
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.materialsGet(callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to */api/2*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.MaterialsApi* | [**materialsGet**](docs/MaterialsApi.md#materialsGet) | **GET** /materials | Voodoo Manufacturing offers printing in a number of different materials, with different color options for each. Your organization can expose as many or as few material options as you want to your end-customer. 
*VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.ModelApi* | [**modelGet**](docs/ModelApi.md#modelGet) | **GET** /model | Retrieve the models you&#39;ve created. 
*VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.ModelApi* | [**modelModelIdGet**](docs/ModelApi.md#modelModelIdGet) | **GET** /model/{model_id} | Retrieve a previously created model by its id. 
*VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.ModelApi* | [**modelPost**](docs/ModelApi.md#modelPost) | **POST** /model | Models represent 3D design files that you&#39;d like to produce. Creating models is generally the first step in creating an order. 
*VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.ModelApi* | [**modelQuoteAttrsGet**](docs/ModelApi.md#modelQuoteAttrsGet) | **GET** /model/quote_attrs | Get a quote for a model with the given attributes. 
*VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.ModelApi* | [**modelQuoteGet**](docs/ModelApi.md#modelQuoteGet) | **GET** /model/quote | Get a quote a given model id. 
*VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.OrderApi* | [**orderConfirmPost**](docs/OrderApi.md#orderConfirmPost) | **POST** /order/confirm | Confirms an order from a quote_id and submits it to the Voodoo factory. 
*VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.OrderApi* | [**orderCreatePost**](docs/OrderApi.md#orderCreatePost) | **POST** /order/create | Quotes an order and returns a quote_id that is used to confirm the order. 
*VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.OrderApi* | [**orderGet**](docs/OrderApi.md#orderGet) | **GET** /order | Lists all orders. 
*VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.OrderApi* | [**orderOrderIdGet**](docs/OrderApi.md#orderOrderIdGet) | **GET** /order/{order_id} | Retrieve a previously created model by its id. 
*VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.OrderApi* | [**orderShippingPost**](docs/OrderApi.md#orderShippingPost) | **POST** /order/shipping | List shipping options and prices for a given shipment. 


## Documentation for Models

 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.ConfirmOrderBody](docs/ConfirmOrderBody.md)
 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.CreateModelBody](docs/CreateModelBody.md)
 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.CreateOrderBody](docs/CreateOrderBody.md)
 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.Material](docs/Material.md)
 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.Model](docs/Model.md)
 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.ModelQuote](docs/ModelQuote.md)
 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.Order](docs/Order.md)
 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.OrderConfirmPost200Response](docs/OrderConfirmPost200Response.md)
 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.OrderCreatePost200Response](docs/OrderCreatePost200Response.md)
 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.OrderPrint](docs/OrderPrint.md)
 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.OrderShippingPost200Response](docs/OrderShippingPost200Response.md)
 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.Print](docs/Print.md)
 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.ProductionOptions](docs/ProductionOptions.md)
 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.ProductionOptionsCosts](docs/ProductionOptionsCosts.md)
 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.Quote](docs/Quote.md)
 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.Rate](docs/Rate.md)
 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.ShippingAddress](docs/ShippingAddress.md)
 - [VoodooManufacturing3DPrintApi.ShippingOptionsBody](docs/ShippingOptionsBody.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### Voodoo Manufacturing API Key


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: api_key
- **Location**: HTTP header

