# MonitorManagementClient.EventData

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**authorization** | [**SenderAuthorization**](SenderAuthorization.md) |  | [optional] 
**caller** | **String** | the email address of the user who has performed the operation, the UPN claim or SPN claim based on availability. | [optional] [readonly] 
**category** | [**LocalizableString**](LocalizableString.md) |  | [optional] 
**claims** | **{String: String}** | key value pairs to identify ARM permissions. | [optional] [readonly] 
**correlationId** | **String** | the correlation Id, usually a GUID in the string format. The correlation Id is shared among the events that belong to the same uber operation. | [optional] [readonly] 
**description** | **String** | the description of the event. | [optional] [readonly] 
**eventDataId** | **String** | the event data Id. This is a unique identifier for an event. | [optional] [readonly] 
**eventName** | [**LocalizableString**](LocalizableString.md) |  | [optional] 
**eventTimestamp** | **Date** | the timestamp of when the event was generated by the Azure service processing the request corresponding the event. It in ISO 8601 format. | [optional] [readonly] 
**httpRequest** | [**HttpRequestInfo**](HttpRequestInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | the Id of this event as required by ARM for RBAC. It contains the EventDataID and a timestamp information. | [optional] [readonly] 
**level** | **String** | the event level | [optional] [readonly] 
**operationId** | **String** | It is usually a GUID shared among the events corresponding to single operation. This value should not be confused with EventName. | [optional] [readonly] 
**operationName** | [**LocalizableString**](LocalizableString.md) |  | [optional] 
**properties** | **{String: String}** | the set of &lt;Key, Value&gt; pairs (usually a Dictionary&lt;String, String&gt;) that includes details about the event. | [optional] [readonly] 
**resourceGroupName** | **String** | the resource group name of the impacted resource. | [optional] [readonly] 
**resourceId** | **String** | the resource uri that uniquely identifies the resource that caused this event. | [optional] [readonly] 
**resourceProviderName** | [**LocalizableString**](LocalizableString.md) |  | [optional] 
**resourceType** | [**LocalizableString**](LocalizableString.md) |  | [optional] 
**status** | [**LocalizableString**](LocalizableString.md) |  | [optional] 
**subStatus** | [**LocalizableString**](LocalizableString.md) |  | [optional] 
**submissionTimestamp** | **Date** | the timestamp of when the event became available for querying via this API. It is in ISO 8601 format. This value should not be confused eventTimestamp. As there might be a delay between the occurrence time of the event, and the time that the event is submitted to the Azure logging infrastructure. | [optional] [readonly] 
**subscriptionId** | **String** | the Azure subscription Id usually a GUID. | [optional] [readonly] 
**tenantId** | **String** | the Azure tenant Id | [optional] [readonly] 



## Enum: LevelEnum


* `Critical` (value: `"Critical"`)

* `Error` (value: `"Error"`)

* `Warning` (value: `"Warning"`)

* `Informational` (value: `"Informational"`)

* `Verbose` (value: `"Verbose"`)




