# DatabaseMigrationApi.ColumnEntity

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**array** | **Boolean** | Is the column of array type. | [optional] 
**arrayLength** | **Number** | If the column is array, of which length. | [optional] 
**autoGenerated** | **Boolean** | Is the column auto-generated/identity. | [optional] 
**charset** | **String** | Charset override - instead of table level charset. | [optional] 
**collation** | **String** | Collation override - instead of table level collation. | [optional] 
**comment** | **String** | Comment associated with the column. | [optional] 
**customFeatures** | **{String: Object}** | Custom engine specific features. | [optional] 
**dataType** | **String** | Column data type. | [optional] 
**defaultValue** | **String** | Default value of the column. | [optional] 
**fractionalSecondsPrecision** | **Number** | Column fractional second precision - used for timestamp based datatypes. | [optional] 
**length** | **String** | Column length - e.g. varchar (50). | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | Column name. | [optional] 
**nullable** | **Boolean** | Is the column nullable. | [optional] 
**ordinalPosition** | **Number** | Column order in the table. | [optional] 
**precision** | **Number** | Column precision - when relevant. | [optional] 
**scale** | **Number** | Column scale - when relevant. | [optional] 
**setValues** | **[String]** | Specifies the list of values allowed in the column. Only used for set data type. | [optional] 
**udt** | **Boolean** | Is the column a UDT. | [optional] 


