# DatabaseMigrationApi.SingleColumnChange

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**array** | **Boolean** | Optional. Is the column of array type. | [optional] 
**arrayLength** | **Number** | Optional. The length of the array, only relevant if the column type is an array. | [optional] 
**autoGenerated** | **Boolean** | Optional. Is the column auto-generated/identity. | [optional] 
**charset** | **String** | Optional. Charset override - instead of table level charset. | [optional] 
**collation** | **String** | Optional. Collation override - instead of table level collation. | [optional] 
**comment** | **String** | Optional. Comment associated with the column. | [optional] 
**customFeatures** | **{String: Object}** | Optional. Custom engine specific features. | [optional] 
**dataType** | **String** | Optional. Column data type name. | [optional] 
**fractionalSecondsPrecision** | **Number** | Optional. Column fractional seconds precision - e.g. 2 as in timestamp (2) - when relevant. | [optional] 
**length** | **String** | Optional. Column length - e.g. 50 as in varchar (50) - when relevant. | [optional] 
**nullable** | **Boolean** | Optional. Is the column nullable. | [optional] 
**precision** | **Number** | Optional. Column precision - e.g. 8 as in double (8,2) - when relevant. | [optional] 
**scale** | **Number** | Optional. Column scale - e.g. 2 as in double (8,2) - when relevant. | [optional] 
**setValues** | **[String]** | Optional. Specifies the list of values allowed in the column. | [optional] 
**udt** | **Boolean** | Optional. Is the column a UDT (User-defined Type). | [optional] 


