# DiscoveryEngineApi.GoogleCloudDiscoveryengineV1betaSearchRequestContentSearchSpecSummarySpec

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ignoreAdversarialQuery** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether to filter out adversarial queries. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Google employs search-query classification to detect adversarial queries. No summary is returned if the search query is classified as an adversarial query. For example, a user might ask a question regarding negative comments about the company or submit a query designed to generate unsafe, policy-violating output. If this field is set to &#x60;true&#x60;, we skip generating summaries for adversarial queries and return fallback messages instead. | [optional] 
**ignoreNonSummarySeekingQuery** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether to filter out queries that are not summary-seeking. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Google employs search-query classification to detect summary-seeking queries. No summary is returned if the search query is classified as a non-summary seeking query. For example, &#x60;why is the sky blue&#x60; and &#x60;Who is the best soccer player in the world?&#x60; are summary-seeking queries, but &#x60;SFO airport&#x60; and &#x60;world cup 2026&#x60; are not. They are most likely navigational queries. If this field is set to &#x60;true&#x60;, we skip generating summaries for non-summary seeking queries and return fallback messages instead. | [optional] 
**includeCitations** | **Boolean** | Specifies whether to include citations in the summary. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. When this field is set to &#x60;true&#x60;, summaries include in-line citation numbers. Example summary including citations: BigQuery is Google Cloud&#39;s fully managed and completely serverless enterprise data warehouse [1]. BigQuery supports all data types, works across clouds, and has built-in machine learning and business intelligence, all within a unified platform [2, 3]. The citation numbers refer to the returned search results and are 1-indexed. For example, [1] means that the sentence is attributed to the first search result. [2, 3] means that the sentence is attributed to both the second and third search results. | [optional] 
**languageCode** | **String** | Language code for Summary. Use language tags defined by [BCP47](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/bcp/bcp47.txt). Note: This is an experimental feature. | [optional] 
**modelPromptSpec** | [**GoogleCloudDiscoveryengineV1betaSearchRequestContentSearchSpecSummarySpecModelPromptSpec**](GoogleCloudDiscoveryengineV1betaSearchRequestContentSearchSpecSummarySpecModelPromptSpec.md) |  | [optional] 
**modelSpec** | [**GoogleCloudDiscoveryengineV1betaSearchRequestContentSearchSpecSummarySpecModelSpec**](GoogleCloudDiscoveryengineV1betaSearchRequestContentSearchSpecSummarySpecModelSpec.md) |  | [optional] 
**summaryResultCount** | **Number** | The number of top results to generate the summary from. If the number of results returned is less than &#x60;summaryResultCount&#x60;, the summary is generated from all of the results. At most five results can be used to generate a summary. | [optional] 


