# rv_api

RvApi - JavaScript client for rv_api
# Introduction
This API returns information about all of the verses in Rig Veda. The results are JSON objects that contain the name of the god, poet, and meter of the verses in Rig Veda, the category of the god and the poet, and the _mandal_ and _sukta_ number.

The API uses the Swagger 2.0 specification.

# Authentication
This is an open API.

# Try it out
This sandbox can be used to get data for only one kind of resource, that is, to fetch the data for a category being sung to.

The remaining resources work a similar fashion. For details, see the reference documentation.

This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.2
- Package version: 1.2
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install rv_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your rv_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var RvApi = require('rv_api');


var api = new RvApi.DefaultApi()
var sungforcategory = "sungforcategory_example"; // {String} Click to select one of these available values.
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully.');
  }
};
api.resourcesGet(sungforcategory, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api-rv.herokuapp.com/rv/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*RvApi.DefaultApi* | [**resourcesGet**](docs/DefaultApi.md#resourcesGet) | **GET** /resources | Fetch all verses sung for a specific category of god, person, or object


## Documentation for Models



## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

