# geneea_natural_language_processing

GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing - JavaScript client for geneea_natural_language_processing
<div class=\"api-description\">
    <h2>Authentication</h2>
    <p>For all calls, supply your API key. <a href=\"https://www.geneea.com/pricing\">Sign up to <em>obtain the key</em></a>.</p>
    <p>
        Our API supports both <em>unencrypted (HTTP)</em> and <em>encrypted (HTTPS)</em> protocols.
        However, for security reasons, we strongly encourage using only the encrypted version.
    </p>
    <p>The API key should be supplied as either a request parameter <code>user_key</code> or in <code>Authorization</code> header.</p>
    <pre><code>Authorization: user_key &lt;YOUR_API_KEY&gt;</code></pre>

    <h2>API operations</h2>
    <p>
        All API operations can perform analysis on supplied raw text or on text extracted from a given URL.
        Optionally, one can supply additional information which can make the result more precise. An example
        of such information would be the language of text or a particular text extractor for URL resources.
    </p>
    <p>The supported types of analyses are:</p>
    <ul>
        <li><strong>lemmatization</strong> &longrightarrow;
            Finds out lemmata (basic forms) of all the words in the document.
        </li>
        <li><strong>correction</strong> &longrightarrow;
            Performs correction (diacritization) on all the words in the document.
        </li>
        <li><strong>topic detection</strong> &longrightarrow;
            Determines a topic of the document, e.g. finance or sports.
        </li>
        <li><strong>sentiment analysis</strong> &longrightarrow;
            Determines a sentiment of the document, i.e. how positive or negative the document is.
        </li>
        <li><strong>named entity recognition</strong> &longrightarrow;
            Finds named entities (like person, location, date etc.) mentioned the the document.
        </li>
    </ul>

    <h2>Encoding</h2>
    <p>The supplied text is expected to be in UTF-8 encoding, this is especially important for non-english texts.</p>

    <h2>Returned values</h2>
    <p>The API calls always return objects in serialized JSON format in UTF-8 encoding.</p>
    <p>
        If any error occurs, the HTTP response code will be in the range <code>4xx</code> (client-side error) or
        <code>5xx</code> (server-side error). In this situation, the body of the response will contain information
        about the error in JSON format, with <code>exception</code> and <code>message</code> values.
    </p>

    <h2>URL limitations</h2>
    <p>
        All the requests are semantically <code>GET</code>. However, for longer texts, you may run into issues
        with URL length limit. Therefore, it's possible to always issue a <code>POST</code> request with all
        the parameters encoded as a JSON in the request body.
    </p>
    <p>Example:</p>
    <pre><code>
        POST /s1/sentiment
        Content-Type: application/json

        {\"text\":\"There is no harm in being sometimes wrong - especially if one is promptly found out.\"}
    </code></pre>
    <p>This is equivalent to <code>GET /s1/sentiment?text=There%20is%20no%20harm...</code></p>

    <h2>Request limitations</h2>
    <p>
        The API has other limitations concerning the size of the HTTP requests. The maximum allowed size of any
        POST request body is <em>512 KiB</em>. For request with a URL resource, the maximum allowed number of
        extracted characters from each such resource is <em>100,000</em>.
    </p>

    <h2>Terms of Service</h2>
    <p>
        By using the API, you agree to our
        <a href=\"https://www.geneea.com/terms.html\" target=\"_blank\">Terms of Service Agreement</a>.
    </p>

    <h2>More information</h2>
    <p>
        <a href=\"https://help.geneea.com/index.html\" target=\"_blank\">
        The Interpretor Public Documentation
        </a>
    </p>
</div>

This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0
- Package version: 1.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install geneea_natural_language_processing --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your geneea_natural_language_processing from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing = require('geneea_natural_language_processing');

var defaultClient = GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure API key authorization: user_key
var user_key = defaultClient.authentications['user_key'];
user_key.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//user_key.apiKeyPrefix['user_key'] = "Token"

var api = new GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.AccountApi()
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.getInfo(callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.geneea.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.AccountApi* | [**getInfo**](docs/AccountApi.md#getInfo) | **GET** /account | Information about current user account
*GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.GeneeaApiS1Api* | [**correctionGet**](docs/GeneeaApiS1Api.md#correctionGet) | **GET** /s1/correction | Performs text correction (diacritization) on the given document
*GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.GeneeaApiS1Api* | [**correctionPost**](docs/GeneeaApiS1Api.md#correctionPost) | **POST** /s1/correction | Performs text correction (diacritization) on the given document
*GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.GeneeaApiS1Api* | [**entitiesGet**](docs/GeneeaApiS1Api.md#entitiesGet) | **GET** /s1/entities | Performs named-entity recognition on the given document
*GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.GeneeaApiS1Api* | [**entitiesPost**](docs/GeneeaApiS1Api.md#entitiesPost) | **POST** /s1/entities | Performs named-entity recognition on the given document
*GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.GeneeaApiS1Api* | [**lemmatizeGet**](docs/GeneeaApiS1Api.md#lemmatizeGet) | **GET** /s1/lemmatize | Performs lemmatization on the given document
*GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.GeneeaApiS1Api* | [**lemmatizePost**](docs/GeneeaApiS1Api.md#lemmatizePost) | **POST** /s1/lemmatize | Performs lemmatization on the given document
*GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.GeneeaApiS1Api* | [**sentimentGet**](docs/GeneeaApiS1Api.md#sentimentGet) | **GET** /s1/sentiment | Performs sentiment analysis on the given document
*GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.GeneeaApiS1Api* | [**sentimentPost**](docs/GeneeaApiS1Api.md#sentimentPost) | **POST** /s1/sentiment | Performs sentiment analysis on the given document
*GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.GeneeaApiS1Api* | [**topicGet**](docs/GeneeaApiS1Api.md#topicGet) | **GET** /s1/topic | Performs topic detection on the given document
*GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.GeneeaApiS1Api* | [**topicPost**](docs/GeneeaApiS1Api.md#topicPost) | **POST** /s1/topic | Performs topic detection on the given document
*GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.StatusApiApi* | [**status**](docs/StatusApiApi.md#status) | **GET** /status | Gets status of the Interpretor service


## Documentation for Models

 - [GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.EntitiesResponse](docs/EntitiesResponse.md)
 - [GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.Entity](docs/Entity.md)
 - [GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.Entrystringlong](docs/Entrystringlong.md)
 - [GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.InformationAboutAUserAccount](docs/InformationAboutAUserAccount.md)
 - [GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.Label](docs/Label.md)
 - [GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.LemmatizeResponse](docs/LemmatizeResponse.md)
 - [GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.Request](docs/Request.md)
 - [GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.ResponseForTheTextCorrection](docs/ResponseForTheTextCorrection.md)
 - [GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.SentimentResponse](docs/SentimentResponse.md)
 - [GeneeaNaturalLanguageProcessing.TopicResponse](docs/TopicResponse.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### user_key


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: user_key
- **Location**: URL query string

