# C++ Qt API client

# 

VisibleThread API

- API version: 1.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0

## Introduction
The VisibleThread b API provides services for analyzing/searching documents and web pages.
To use the service you need an API key. 

**Contact us at support@visiblethread.com to request an API key**. 

The services are split into **Documents** and **Webscans**.

### Documents
Upload documents and dictionaries so you can :
- Measure the readability of your document
- search a document for all terms from a dictionary
- retrieve all paragraphs from a document or only matching paragraphs

### Webscans
Analyze web pages so you can: 
- Measure the readability of your web content
- Identify & highlight content issues e.g. long sentences, passive voice

The VisibleThread API allows you to programatially submit webpage urls to be scanned, 
check on the results of a scan, and view a list of previous scans you have performed.
    
-------------

The VisibleThread API is a HTTP-based JSON API, accessible at https://api.visiblethread.com 
Each request to the service requires your API key to be successful.

## Getting Started With Webscans

Steps:
1. Enter your API key above and hit **Explore**. 
2. Run a new scan by submitting a **POST to /webscans** (title and some webUrls are required).
   The scan runs asynchronously in the background but returns immediately with a JSON response containing an \"id\" that represents your scan.
3. Check on the status of a scan by submitting **GET /webscans/{scanId}**, if the scan is still in progress it will return a HTTP 503. If 
   it is complete it will return a HTTP 200 with the appropriate JSON outlining the urls scanned and the summary statistics for each url.
4. Retrieve all your previous scan results by submitting **GET /webscans**.  
5. Retrieve detailed results for a url within a scan (readability, long sentence and passive language instances) by submitting 
   **GET /webscans/{scanId}/webUrls/{urlId}** (scanId and urlId are required)

## Getting Started With Document scans:

Steps:
1. Enter your API key above and hit **Explore**
2. Run a new scan by submitting a **POST to /documents** (document required). The scan runs asynchronously in the background but returns
   immediately with a JSON response containins an \"id\" that represents your scan
3. Check on the status of a scan by submitting **GET /documents/{scanId}**, if the scan is still in progress it will return a HTTP 503. If 
   it is complete it will return a HTTP 200 with the appropriate JSON outlining the document readability results. It will contain detailed
   analysis of each paragraph in the document
4. Retrieve all your previous scan results by submitting **GET /documents**

### Searching a document for keywords

The VisibleThread API allows you to upload a set of keywords or a 'dictionary'. You can then perform a search of a already uploaded document 
using that dictionary

Steps (Assuming you have uploaded your document using the steps above):
1. Upload a csv file to use as a keyword dictionary by submitting a **POST to /dictionaries** (csv file required). This returns a JSON 
   response with the dictionary Id 
2. Search a document with the dictionary by submitting a **POST to /searches** (document id and dictionary id required). 
3. Get the resuhlts of the search by submitting  **GET /searches/{docId}/{dictionaryId}\" . This will return JSON response containing 
   detailed results of searching the document using the dictionary.
4. To view the list of all searches you have performed submit a **GET /searches**. 

Below is a list of the available API endpoints, documentation & a form to try out each operation.


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIDocumentsApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIDocumentsApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIDocumentsApi apiInstance;
     
      // Configure API key authorization: api_key
      apiInstance.setApiKey("YOUR API KEY NAME","YOUR API KEY");
      apiInstance.dictionariesGet();
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### api_key


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: apiKey
- **Location**: HTTP header


## Author




## License

 for more information visit []()