# goog_io___unoffical_google_search_api

GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi - JavaScript client for goog_io___unoffical_google_search_api
# Intoduction

This is the OpenAPI V3 documentation for https://api.goog.io

An API to perform Google Searches. Extremely fast and accurate. Zero proxies. Clean USA IPs.

Simple to use API, but advance enough to support special parameters such as languages, country and geographic locality.

Googio is the ultimate search API for Google Searches, Google News, and Google SERP.
# Docs

> An Unofficial Google Search API

An API to perform Google Searches. Extremely fast and accurate. Zero proxies. Clean USA IPs.

Simple to use API, but advance enough to support special parameters such as languages, country and geographic locality.

# Example Code

 Check out [Github repo](https://github.com/googio/googio_examples) for example code for calling the API with various languages.

# Authentication

### API Key

Optional API key for authenticated access. Note that we use \"API key\" interchangably in these docs.

Authenticated requests must include an `apikey` header containing your subscription's API Key.

| Security Schema Type | Header Name | Example Token |
| --- | --- | --- |
| API Key | `apikey` | c5bfb018-ab46-4e61-9271-4ec7e9c04a6e |

In the following example, `YOU_APIKEY` represents the auth token for your account.

```
curl --header 'apikey: YOU_APIKEY'
```

You can view and manage your API keys in the [Dashboard](/dashboard).

Be sure to keep your API keys secure. Do not share them in publicly accessible areas such as GitHub, client-side code, and so forth.

Also note that all API requests must be made over **HTTPS**. Calls made over plain HTTP will attempt to be automatically upgraded to HTTPS, though this use cases is discouraged.


## Rate Limits

API requests may be rate limited depending on your subscription plan and traffic patterns. The following response headers will be present in these cases:

| Header | Description |
| ------ | ----------- |
| `X-RateLimit-Limit` | The maximum number of requests that the consumer is permitted to make. |
| `X-RateLimit-Remaining` | The number of requests remaining in the current rate limit window. |
| `X-RateLimit-Reset` | The time at which the current rate limit window resets in UTC epoch seconds. |

When the rate limit is **exceeded**, an error is returned with the status \"**429 Too Many Requests**\":

```json
{
  \"error\": {
    \"code\": \"too_many_requests\",
    \"message\": \"Rate limit exceeded\"
  }
}
```



## Errors

This API uses conventional HTTP response codes to indicate the success or failure of API requests. In general: Codes in the `2xx` range indicate success. Codes in the `4xx` range indicate an error that failed given the information provided (e.g., a required parameter was omitted, endpoint not found, etc.). Codes in the `5xx` range indicate an error with our API (these are rare).



This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 0.1.0
- Package version: 0.1.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://goog.io](https://goog.io)

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install goog_io___unoffical_google_search_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your goog_io___unoffical_google_search_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi = require('goog_io___unoffical_google_search_api');

var defaultClient = GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure API key authorization: apikey
var apikey = defaultClient.authentications['apikey'];
apikey.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//apikey.apiKeyPrefix['apikey'] = "Token"

var api = new GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.DefaultApi()
var query = "q=google+search+api"; // {String} 
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.crawl(query, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.goog.io*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.DefaultApi* | [**crawl**](docs/DefaultApi.md#crawl) | **GET** /v1/crawl/{query} | Crawl
*GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.DefaultApi* | [**getTheStatusOfTheAPIService**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getTheStatusOfTheAPIService) | **GET** / | Status
*GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.DefaultApi* | [**images**](docs/DefaultApi.md#images) | **GET** /v1/images/{query} | Images
*GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.DefaultApi* | [**news**](docs/DefaultApi.md#news) | **GET** /v1/news/{query} | News
*GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.DefaultApi* | [**search**](docs/DefaultApi.md#search) | **GET** /v1/search/{query} | Search
*GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.DefaultApi* | [**serp**](docs/DefaultApi.md#serp) | **POST** /v1/serp/ | SERP


## Documentation for Models

 - [GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.Crawl200Response](docs/Crawl200Response.md)
 - [GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.GetTheStatusOfTheAPIService200Response](docs/GetTheStatusOfTheAPIService200Response.md)
 - [GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.HTTPValidationError](docs/HTTPValidationError.md)
 - [GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.Images200Response](docs/Images200Response.md)
 - [GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.Images200ResponseImageResultsInner](docs/Images200ResponseImageResultsInner.md)
 - [GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.Images200ResponseImageResultsInnerImage](docs/Images200ResponseImageResultsInnerImage.md)
 - [GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.Images200ResponseImageResultsInnerLink](docs/Images200ResponseImageResultsInnerLink.md)
 - [GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.News200Response](docs/News200Response.md)
 - [GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.News200ResponseEntriesInner](docs/News200ResponseEntriesInner.md)
 - [GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.News200ResponseFeed](docs/News200ResponseFeed.md)
 - [GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.Search200Response](docs/Search200Response.md)
 - [GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.Search200ResponseResultsInner](docs/Search200ResponseResultsInner.md)
 - [GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.Serp200Response](docs/Serp200Response.md)
 - [GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.SerpData](docs/SerpData.md)
 - [GoogIoUnofficalGoogleSearchApi.ValidationError](docs/ValidationError.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### apikey


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: apikey
- **Location**: HTTP header

