# C++ Qt API client

# 

Billbee API

- API version: v1
- Generator version: 7.9.0

Documentation of the Billbee REST API to connect a Billbee account to external aplications.

## Endpoint

The Billbee API endpoint base url is https://api.billbee.io/api/v1 

## Activation

You have to enable the API in the settings of your Billbee account. In addition you need a Billbee API Key identifying the application you develop. To get an API key, send a mail to support@billbee.io and send us a short note about what you are building.

## Authorization & security

Because you can access private data with the Billbee API, every request has to be sent over https and must

* Contain a valid API Key identifying the application/developer. It has to be sent as the HTTP header X-Billbee-Api-Key
* Contain a valid user login with billbee username and api password in form of a basic auth HTTP header

## Throttling

Each endpoint has a throttle of max 2 requests per second per combination of API Key and Billbee user.

When you exceed these 2 calls, the API will return a HTTP 429 status code



  For more information, please visit [https://www.billbee.io](https://www.billbee.io)

*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAICloudStorageApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAICloudStorageApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAICloudStorageApi apiInstance;
           apiInstance.cloudStorageApiGetList();
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### X-Billbee-Api-Key


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-Billbee-Api-Key
- **Location**: HTTP header

### basic


- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication


## Author

support@billbee.io


## License

 for more information visit []()