# FireFinancialServicesBusinessApi.Transaction

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**amountAfterCharges** | **Number** | Net amount lodged or taken from the account after fees and charges were applied. | [optional] 
**amountBeforeCharges** | **Number** | Amount of the transaction before the fees and taxes were applied. | [optional] 
**balance** | **Number** | the balance of the account (in minor currency units - pence, cent etc. 434050 &#x3D;&#x3D; 4,340.50 GBP for a GBP account). | [optional] 
**batchItemDetails** | [**BatchItemDetails**](BatchItemDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**card** | [**RelatedCard**](RelatedCard.md) |  | [optional] 
**currency** | [**Currency**](Currency.md) |  | [optional] 
**date** | **Date** | Date of the transaction | [optional] 
**dateAcknowledged** | **Date** |  | [optional] 
**directDebitDetails** | [**DirectDebitDetails**](DirectDebitDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**eventUuid** | **String** | An internal Fire reference for the transaction (UUID) | [optional] 
**feeAmount** | **Number** | The amount of the fee, if any. | [optional] 
**fxTradeDetails** | [**FxTrade**](FxTrade.md) |  | [optional] 
**ican** | **Number** | identifier for the fire.com account (assigned by fire.com) This field is only used in the condensed version. | [optional] 
**myRef** | **String** | The comment/reference on the transaction | [optional] 
**paymentRequestPublicCode** | **String** | (FOP payments only) The FOP Payment Code that was used to make this payment. | [optional] 
**proprietarySchemeDetails** | [**[ProprietarySchemeDetailsInner]**](ProprietarySchemeDetailsInner.md) | Extra details about the transaction based on the scheme used to make the payment. | [optional] 
**refId** | **Number** | The id of the transaction. | [optional] 
**relatedParty** | [**RelatedParty**](RelatedParty.md) |  | [optional] 
**taxAmount** | **Number** | The amount of the tax, if any (e.g. Stamp duty for ATM transactions) | [optional] 
**txnId** | **Number** | The id of this side of the transaction (each transaction has two sides - a to and a from). This is used to get the details of the transaction. | [optional] 
**type** | **String** | The type of the transaction: * &#x60;LODGEMENT&#x60; - Bank Transfer received * &#x60;PIS_LODGEMENT&#x60; - Fire Open Payments Lodgement received * &#x60;MANUAL_TRANSFER&#x60; - Manual Transfer to * &#x60;WITHDRAWAL&#x60; - Bank Transfer sent * &#x60;REVERSAL&#x60; - Credit Reversal * &#x60;DIRECT_DEBIT&#x60; - A direct debit. * &#x60;DIRECT_DEBIT_REPRESENTED&#x60; - A Direct Debit that was requested again after initially failing. * &#x60;DIRECT_DEBIT_REFUND&#x60; - A refund of a Direct debit. * &#x60;INTERNAL_TRANSFER_TO&#x60; - Internal Transfer sent (between two of my accounts of the same currency) * &#x60;INTERNAL_TRANSFER_FROM&#x60; - Internal Transfer received (between two of my accounts of the same currency) * &#x60;WITHDRAWAL_RETURNED&#x60; - Bank Transfer sent returned * &#x60;LODGEMENT_REVERSED&#x60; - Bank Transfer received returned * &#x60;FX_INTERNAL_TRANSFER_FROM&#x60; - FX Internal Transfer received (between two of my accounts of different currency) * &#x60;FX_INTERNAL_TRANSFER_TO&#x60; - FX Internal Transfer sent (between two of my accounts of different currency) * &#x60;CREATE_CARD&#x60; - The fee taken when a debit card is issued. * &#x60;ADD_ACCOUNT&#x60; - The fee taken when an account is created. * &#x60;CREATE_ADDITIONAL_USER&#x60; - The fee taken when an additional user is created.        * &#x60;CARD_POS_CONTACT_DEBIT&#x60; - Card used in store; read by magnetic stripe or pin * &#x60;CARD_POS_CONTACT_CREDIT&#x60; - Card used in store; read by magnetic stripe or pin * &#x60;CARD_POS_CONTACTLESS_DEBIT&#x60; - Card used in store; read by NFC * &#x60;CARD_POS_CONTACTLESS_CREDIT&#x60; - Card used in store; read by NFC * &#x60;CARD_ECOMMERCE_DEBIT&#x60; - Card used on the internet * &#x60;CARD_ECOMMERCE_CREDIT&#x60; - Card used on the internet * &#x60;CARD_ATM_DEBIT&#x60; - Card used in an ATM * &#x60;CARD_ATM_CREDIT&#x60; - Card used in an ATM * &#x60;CARD_INTERNATIONAL_POS_CONTACT_DEBIT&#x60; - Card used in store in non-processing currency; read by magnetic stripe or pin * &#x60;CARD_INTERNATIONAL_POS_CONTACT_CREDIT&#x60; - Card used in store in non-processing currency; read by magnetic stripe or pin * &#x60;CARD_INTERNATIONAL_POS_CONTACTLESS_DEBIT&#x60; - Card used in store in non-processing currency; read by NFC * &#x60;CARD_INTERNATIONAL_POS_CONTACTLESS_CREDIT&#x60; - Card used in store in non-processing currency; read by NFC * &#x60;CARD_INTERNATIONAL_ECOMMERCE_DEBIT &#x60; - Card used on the internet in non-processing currency * &#x60;CARD_INTERNATIONAL_ECOMMERCE_CREDIT&#x60; - Card used on the internet in non-processing currency * &#x60;CARD_INTERNATIONAL_ATM_DEBIT&#x60; - Card used in an ATM in non-processing currency * &#x60;CARD_INTERNATIONAL_ATM_CREDIT&#x60; - Card used in an ATM in non-processing currency * &#x60;CARD_POS_CONTACT_DEBIT_REVERSAL&#x60; - Card used in store; read by magnetic stripe or pin - reversed * &#x60;CARD_POS_CONTACT_CREDIT_REVERSAL&#x60; - Card used in store; read by magnetic stripe or pin - reversed * &#x60;CARD_POS_CONTACTLESS_DEBIT_REVERSAL&#x60; - Card used in store; read by NFC - reversed * &#x60;CARD_POS_CONTACTLESS_CREDIT_REVERSAL&#x60; - Card used in store; read by NFC - reversed * &#x60;CARD_ECOMMERCE_DEBIT_REVERSAL &#x60; - Card used on the internet - reversed * &#x60;CARD_ECOMMERCE_CREDIT_REVERSAL&#x60; - Card used on the internet - reversed * &#x60;CARD_ATM_DEBIT_REVERSAL&#x60; - Card used in an ATM - reversed * &#x60;CARD_ATM_CREDIT_REVERSAL&#x60; - Card used in an ATM - reversed * &#x60;CARD_INTERNATIONAL_POS_CONTACT_DEBIT_REVERSAL&#x60; - Card used in store in non-processing currency; read by magnetic stripe or pin - reversed * &#x60;CARD_INTERNATIONAL_POS_CONTACT_CREDIT_REVERSAL&#x60; - Card used in store in non-processing currency; read by magnetic stripe or pin - reversed * &#x60;CARD_INTERNATIONAL_POS_CONTACTLESS_DEBIT_REVERSAL&#x60; - Card used in store in non-processing currency; read by NFC - reversed * &#x60;CARD_INTERNATIONAL_POS_CONTACTLESS_CREDIT_REVERSAL&#x60; - One or more of the transaction types above. This field can be repeated multiple times to allow for multiple transaction types. * &#x60;CARD_INTERNATIONAL_ECOMMERCE_DEBIT_REVERSAL&#x60; - Card used in store in non-processing currency; read by NFC - reversed * &#x60;CARD_INTERNATIONAL_ECOMMERCE_CREDIT_REVERSAL&#x60; - Card used in store in non-processing currency; read by NFC - reversed * &#x60;CARD_INTERNATIONAL_ATM_DEBIT_REVERSAL&#x60; - Card used on the internet in non-processing currency - reversed * &#x60;CARD_INTERNATIONAL_ATM_CREDIT_REVERSAL&#x60; - Card used on the internet in non-processing currency - reversed  | [optional] 
**yourRef** | **String** | The comment/reference on the transaction that appears on the recipients statement. Only for withdrawals | [optional] 


