# C++ Qt API client

# 

Fitbit Plus API

- API version: v7.78.1
- Generator version: 7.9.0

# Overview
The Fitbit Plus API is a RESTful API. The requests and responses are formated according to the
[JSON API](http://jsonapi.org/format/1.0/) specification.

In addition to this documentation, we also provide an
[OpenAPI](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/master/versions/2.0.md) \"yaml\" file describing the API:
[Fitbit Plus API Specification](swagger.yaml).

# Authentication
Authentication for the Fitbit Plus API is based on the
[OAuth 2.0 Authorization Framework](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749). Fitbit Plus currently supports grant
types of **client_credentials** and **refresh_token**.

See [POST /oauth/token](#operation/createToken) for details on the request and response formats.
<!-- ReDoc-Inject: <security-definitions> -->

## Building Integrations
We will provide customers with unique client credentials for each application/integration they build, allowing us
to enforce appropriate access controls and monitor API usage.
The client credentials will be scoped to the organization, and allow full access to all patients and related data
within that organization.

These credentials are appropriate for creating an integration that does one of the following:
 - background reporting/analysis
 - synchronizing data with another system (such as an EMR)

The API credentials and oauth flows we currently support are **not** well suited for creating a user-facing
application that allows a user (patient, coach, or admin) to login and have access to data which is appropriate to
that specific user. It is possible to build such an application, but it is not possible to use Fitbit Plus as a
federated identity provider. You would need to have a separate means of verifying a user's identity. We do not
currently support the required password-based oauth flow to make this possible.

# Paging
The Fitbit Plus API supports two different pagination strategies for GET collection endpoints.

#### Skip-based paging

Skip-based paging uses the query parameters `page[size]` and `page[number]` to specify the max number of resources returned and the page number. We default to skip-based paging if there are no page parameters. The response will include a `links` object containing links to the first, last, prev, and next pages of data.

If the contents of the collection change while you are iterating through the collection, you will see duplicate or missing documents. For example, if you are iterating through the `calender_event` resource via `GET /pub/calendar_event?sort=start_at&page[size]=50&page[number]=1`, and a new `calendar_event` is created that has a `start_at` value before the first `calendar_event`, when you fetch the next page at `GET /pub/calendar_event?sort=start_at&page[size]=50&page[number]=2`, the first entry in the second response will be a duplicate of the last entry in the first response.

#### Cursor-based paging
Cursor-based paging uses the query parameters `page[limit]` and `page[after]` to specify the max number of entries returned and identify where to begin the next page. Add `page[limit]` to the parameters to use cursor-based paging. The response will include a `links` object containing a link to the next page of data, if the next page exists.

Cursor-based paging is not subject to duplication if new resources are added to the collection. For example, if you are iterating through the `calender_event` resource via `GET /pub/calendar_event?sort=start_at&page[limit]=50`, and a new `calendar_event` is created that has a `start_at` value before the first `calendar_event`, you will not see a duplicate entry when you fetch the next page at `GET /pub/calendar_event?sort=start_at&page[limit]=50&page[after]=<cursor>`.

We encourage the use of cursor-based paging for performance reasons.

In either form of paging, you can determine whether any resources were missed by comparing the number of fetched resources against `meta.count`. Set `page[size]` or `page[limit]` to 0 to get only the count.

It is not valid to mix the two strategies.



*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIActionApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
    OAICreateActionRequest create();
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIActionApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

OAICreateActionRequest Example::create(){
    OAICreateActionRequest obj;
 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIActionApi apiInstance;
     
      QEventLoop loop;
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIActionApi::createActionSignal, [&]() {
          loop.quit();
      });
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIActionApi::createActionSignalE, [&](QNetworkReply::NetworkError, QString error_str) {
          qDebug() << "Error happened while issuing request : " << error_str;
          loop.quit();
      });

      OAICreateActionRequest oai_create_action_request = create(); // OAICreateActionRequest | 
      apiInstance.createAction(oai_create_action_request);
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### OAuth2


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: application
- **Authorization URL**: 
- **Scopes**: 
  - group: access patients and data within a group
  - organization: access patients and data within an organization


## Author

apiteam@twinehealth.com


## License

 for more information visit []()