# TwilioVerify.VerifyV2ServiceEntityChallenge

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**accountSid** | **String** | The unique SID identifier of the Account. | [optional] 
**dateCreated** | **Date** | The date that this Challenge was created, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. | [optional] 
**dateResponded** | **Date** | The date that this Challenge was responded, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. | [optional] 
**dateUpdated** | **Date** | The date that this Challenge was updated, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. | [optional] 
**details** | **Object** | Details provided to give context about the Challenge. Intended to be shown to the end user. | [optional] 
**entitySid** | **String** | The unique SID identifier of the Entity. | [optional] 
**expirationDate** | **Date** | The date-time when this Challenge expires, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. The default value is five (5) minutes after Challenge creation. The max value is sixty (60) minutes after creation. | [optional] 
**factorSid** | **String** | The unique SID identifier of the Factor. | [optional] 
**factorType** | [**ChallengeEnumFactorTypes**](ChallengeEnumFactorTypes.md) |  | [optional] 
**hiddenDetails** | **Object** | Details provided to give context about the Challenge. Intended to be hidden from the end user. It must be a stringified JSON with only strings values eg. &#x60;{\&quot;ip\&quot;: \&quot;172.168.1.234\&quot;}&#x60; | [optional] 
**identity** | **String** | Customer unique identity for the Entity owner of the Challenge. This identifier should be immutable, not PII, length between 8 and 64 characters, and generated by your external system, such as your user&#39;s UUID, GUID, or SID. It can only contain dash (-) separated alphanumeric characters. | [optional] 
**links** | **Object** | Contains a dictionary of URL links to nested resources of this Challenge. | [optional] 
**metadata** | **Object** | Custom metadata associated with the challenge. This is added by the Device/SDK directly to allow for the inclusion of device information. It must be a stringified JSON with only strings values eg. &#x60;{\&quot;os\&quot;: \&quot;Android\&quot;}&#x60;. Can be up to 1024 characters in length. | [optional] 
**respondedReason** | [**ChallengeEnumChallengeReasons**](ChallengeEnumChallengeReasons.md) |  | [optional] 
**serviceSid** | **String** | The unique SID identifier of the Service. | [optional] 
**sid** | **String** | A 34 character string that uniquely identifies this Challenge. | [optional] 
**status** | [**ChallengeEnumChallengeStatuses**](ChallengeEnumChallengeStatuses.md) |  | [optional] 
**url** | **String** | The URL of this resource. | [optional] 


