# TwilioVerify.VerifyV2ServiceEntityNewFactor

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**accountSid** | **String** | The unique SID identifier of the Account. | [optional] 
**binding** | **Object** | Contains the &#x60;factor_type&#x60; specific secret and metadata. For push, this is &#x60;binding.public_key&#x60; and &#x60;binding.alg&#x60;. For totp, this is &#x60;binding.secret&#x60; and &#x60;binding.uri&#x60;. The &#x60;binding.uri&#x60; property is generated following the [google authenticator key URI format](https://github.com/google/google-authenticator/wiki/Key-Uri-Format), and &#x60;Factor.friendly_name&#x60; is used for the “accountname” value and &#x60;Service.friendly_name&#x60; or &#x60;Service.totp.issuer&#x60; is used for the &#x60;issuer&#x60; value.   The Binding property is ONLY returned upon Factor creation. | [optional] 
**config** | **Object** | An object that contains configurations specific to a &#x60;factor_type&#x60;. | [optional] 
**dateCreated** | **Date** | The date that this Factor was created, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. | [optional] 
**dateUpdated** | **Date** | The date that this Factor was updated, given in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. | [optional] 
**entitySid** | **String** | The unique SID identifier of the Entity. | [optional] 
**factorType** | [**NewFactorEnumFactorTypes**](NewFactorEnumFactorTypes.md) |  | [optional] 
**friendlyName** | **String** | The friendly name of this Factor. This can be any string up to 64 characters, meant for humans to distinguish between Factors. For &#x60;factor_type&#x60; &#x60;push&#x60;, this could be a device name. For &#x60;factor_type&#x60; &#x60;totp&#x60;, this value is used as the “account name” in constructing the &#x60;binding.uri&#x60; property. At the same time, we recommend avoiding providing PII. | [optional] 
**identity** | **String** | Customer unique identity for the Entity owner of the Factor. This identifier should be immutable, not PII, length between 8 and 64 characters, and generated by your external system, such as your user&#39;s UUID, GUID, or SID. It can only contain dash (-) separated alphanumeric characters. | [optional] 
**metadata** | **Object** | Custom metadata associated with the factor. This is added by the Device/SDK directly to allow for the inclusion of device information. It must be a stringified JSON with only strings values eg. &#x60;{\&quot;os\&quot;: \&quot;Android\&quot;}&#x60;. Can be up to 1024 characters in length. | [optional] 
**serviceSid** | **String** | The unique SID identifier of the Service. | [optional] 
**sid** | **String** | A 34 character string that uniquely identifies this Factor. | [optional] 
**status** | [**NewFactorEnumFactorStatuses**](NewFactorEnumFactorStatuses.md) |  | [optional] 
**url** | **String** | The URL of this resource. | [optional] 


