# C++ Qt API client

# 

BC Data Catalogue API

- API version: 3.0.1
- Generator version: 7.9.0

This API provides live access to the BC Data Catalogue. Further documentation on the API is available from http://docs.ckan.org/en/latest/ Confirm the version of the API available from the catalogue by requesting https://catalogue.data.gov.bc.ca/api/3/action/status_show. 

Please note that you may experience issues when submitting requests to the delivery or test environment if using this [OpenAPI specification](https://github.com/bcgov/api-specs) in other API console viewers.

  For more information, please visit [http://data.gov.bc.ca/](http://data.gov.bc.ca/)

*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIActionApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
    QString create();
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIActionApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

QString Example::create(){
    QString obj;
 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIActionApi apiInstance;
     
      // Configure API key authorization: internalApiKey
      apiInstance.setApiKey("YOUR API KEY NAME","YOUR API KEY");

      //OAuth Authentication supported right now

      QEventLoop loop;
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIActionApi::actionOrganizationActivityListGetSignal, [&]() {
          loop.quit();
      });
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIActionApi::actionOrganizationActivityListGetSignalE, [&](QNetworkReply::NetworkError, QString error_str) {
          qDebug() << "Error happened while issuing request : " << error_str;
          loop.quit();
      });

      QString id = create(); // QString | The id or name of the organization
      apiInstance.actionOrganizationActivityListGet(id);
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### githubAccessCode


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: accessCode
- **Authorization URL**: https://github.com/login/oauth/authorize
- **Scopes**: 
  - admin:org: Fully manage organization, teams, and memberships.
  - admin:public_key: Fully manage public keys.
  - admin:repo_hook: Grants read, write, ping, and delete access to hooks in public or private repositories.
  - delete_repo: Grants access to delete adminable repositories.
  - gist: Grants write access to gists.
  - notifications: Grants read access to a user&#39;s notifications. repo also provides this access.
  - public_repo: Grants read/write access to code, commit statuses, and deployment statuses for public repositories and organizations.
  - read:org: Read-only access to organization, teams, and membership.
  - read:public_key: List and view details for public keys.
  - read:repo_hook: Grants read and ping access to hooks in public or private repositories.
  - repo: Grants read/write access to code, commit statuses, and deployment statuses for public and private repositories and organizations.
  - repo:status: Grants read/write access to public and private repository commit statuses. This scope is only necessary to grant other users or services access to private repository commit statuses without granting access to the code.
  - repo_deployment: Grants access to deployment statuses for public and private repositories. This scope is only necessary to grant other users or services access to deployment statuses, without granting access to the code.
  - user: Grants read/write access to profile info only. Note that this scope includes user:email and user:follow.
  - user:email: Grants read access to a user&#39;s email addresses.
  - user:follow: Grants access to follow or unfollow other users.
  - write:org: Publicize and unpublicize organization membership.
  - write:public_key: Create, list, and view details for public keys.
  - write:repo_hook: Grants read, write, and ping access to hooks in public or private repositories.

### internalApiKey


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: ckan_api_key
- **Location**: HTTP header


## Author

data@gov.bc.ca


## License

Open Government License - British Columbia for more information visit [Open Government License - British Columbia](https://www2.gov.bc.ca/gov/content?id&#x3D;A519A56BC2BF44E4A008B33FCF527F61)