# flinkster_api_ng

FlinksterApiNg - JavaScript client for flinkster_api_ng
This REST-API enables you to query for private transport sharing offers provided by companies and cities in Germany, Netherland and Austria. 
You can search for informations about the rental stations (points or areas) where you can find the rentals by utilizing the /areas/ ressource. 
With the help of the proximity search in the /bookingproposals/ URI you can request the availabilities of the rentalobjects for spontaneous or planed usage in the future. 

Feel free to browse through data by setting the parameter 'providernetwork' to the value: 
 1: Search for car sharing offers provided by the Flinkster platform (http://www.flinkster.de)
2: Finding bike rental offers from Call a Bike (http://www.callabike.de) 

You can find more details in the documentation section (Unfortunately only available in german language).

Have lots of fun and we are lucky to take notice of your products or getting your feedback.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: v1
- Package version: v1
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install flinkster_api_ng --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your flinkster_api_ng from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var FlinksterApiNg = require('flinkster_api_ng');


var api = new FlinksterApiNg.AreasApi()
var areaUID = "areaUID_example"; // {String} The Area UID 
var opts = {
  'expand': "expand_example" // {String} Expand Provider
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.getArea(areaUID, opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.deutschebahn.com/flinkster-api-ng/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*FlinksterApiNg.AreasApi* | [**getArea**](docs/AreasApi.md#getArea) | **GET** /areas/{areaUID} | Get area by UID.
*FlinksterApiNg.AreasApi* | [**listAreas**](docs/AreasApi.md#listAreas) | **GET** /areas | List Areas by Criteria.
*FlinksterApiNg.BookingproposalsApi* | [**listBookingProposals**](docs/BookingproposalsApi.md#listBookingProposals) | **GET** /bookingproposals | Query for available RentalObjects of a specific view
*FlinksterApiNg.CategoriesApi* | [**getCategory**](docs/CategoriesApi.md#getCategory) | **GET** /providernetworks/{providernetworkUID}/categories/{categoryUID} | Get a Category by UID
*FlinksterApiNg.CategoriesApi* | [**listCategories**](docs/CategoriesApi.md#listCategories) | **GET** /providernetworks/{providernetworkUID}/categories | Lists all categories
*FlinksterApiNg.IndexApi* | [**getIndex**](docs/IndexApi.md#getIndex) | **GET** /index | Show index.
*FlinksterApiNg.PricesApi* | [**getPrices**](docs/PricesApi.md#getPrices) | **GET** /providernetworks/{providernetworkUID}/prices | Get information about the prices.
*FlinksterApiNg.ProvidernetworksApi* | [**getProviderNetwork**](docs/ProvidernetworksApi.md#getProviderNetwork) | **GET** /providernetworks/{uid} | Get information about the ProviderNetworkResources.
*FlinksterApiNg.ProvidersApi* | [**getProvider**](docs/ProvidersApi.md#getProvider) | **GET** /providers/{uid} | Get information about the ProviderResourceImpl.
*FlinksterApiNg.RentalobjectsApi* | [**getRentalObject**](docs/RentalobjectsApi.md#getRentalObject) | **GET** /providernetworks/{providernetworkUID}/rentalobjects/{rentalObjectUID} | Get information about the RentalObject.


## Documentation for Models

 - [FlinksterApiNg.AddressJO](docs/AddressJO.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.AreaJO](docs/AreaJO.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.BookingProposalJO](docs/BookingProposalJO.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.CategoryJO](docs/CategoryJO.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.Crs](docs/Crs.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.ErrorJO](docs/ErrorJO.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.Feature](docs/Feature.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.FeatureCollection](docs/FeatureCollection.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.GeoJsonObject](docs/GeoJsonObject.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.GeometryJO](docs/GeometryJO.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.JsonCollection](docs/JsonCollection.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.JsonCollectionPriceJO](docs/JsonCollectionPriceJO.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.JsonObject](docs/JsonObject.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.LineString](docs/LineString.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.LinkJO](docs/LinkJO.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.LngLatAlt](docs/LngLatAlt.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.MultiLineString](docs/MultiLineString.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.MultiPoint](docs/MultiPoint.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.MultiPolygon](docs/MultiPolygon.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.Point](docs/Point.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.Polygon](docs/Polygon.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.PriceJO](docs/PriceJO.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.ProviderJO](docs/ProviderJO.md)
 - [FlinksterApiNg.RentalObjectJO](docs/RentalObjectJO.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

