# content_depot

ContentDepot - JavaScript client for content_depot
ContentDepot hosts a range of API’s that allow clients to manage, discover, and obtain content. The API spans many parts of the ContentDepot functionality including MetaPub (a.k.a. metadata distribution) and content management.

## MetaPub

MetaPub collects, normalizes and distributes publicly available program, episode, and piece metadata through the public radio system. Backed by ContentDepot and its data model, MetaPub allows producers to supply metadata through various methods:

1. MetaPub Agents that collect producer metadata by \"crawling\" existing public feeds (e.g. C24, BBC) or the producer's production system (e.g. ATC, ME, TED Radio Hour).
2. Manually enter metadata in the ContentDepot Portal on each program and episode.
3. Publish/push the metadata to the MetaPub upload API and execute an ingest job.

MetaPub then distributes this data to stations through an electronic program guide (EPG model) for display on various listener devices such as smart phones, tablets, web streams, HD radios, RDBS enabled FM radios, and more. The EPG format is based on the RadioDNS specifications.

### RadioDNS

The RadioDNS Service and Programme Information Specification ([ETSI TS 102 818 v3.4.1](https://www.etsi.org/deliver/etsi_ts/102800_102899/102818/03.04.01_60/ts_102818v030401p.pdf)) defines three primary documents: Service Information, Program Information, and Group Information. These documents, along with the core RadioDNS Hybrid Lookup for Radio Services Specification ([ETSI TS 103 270 v1.4.1](https://www.etsi.org/deliver/etsi_ts/103200_103299/103270/01.04.01_60/ts_103270v010401p.pdf)), define a system where an end listener device can dynamically discover program metadata and fetch the metadata via Internet Protocol (IP) requests. MetaPub's use of RadioDNS differs slightly in that MetaPub (a.k.a PRSS) acts as the \"service provider\" while the stations and related middleware act as the end devices. While this is not the primary use case of RadioDNS, the flexibility in the specification, service definitions, and DNS resolution allows this model to be easily represented. MetaPub provides both _National Metadata_ and _Station Metadata_.

It is strongly recommended that the related [RadioDNS specifications](https://radiodns.org/developers/documentation/) be read for implementation details, definitions, and required XML schemas.

## ContentDepot Drive

ContentDepot Drive (CD Drive) provides a private, per customer file storage solution similar to other cloud storage solutions such as Google Drive, Box, and Dropbox. The CD Drive is used to stage content uploads such as metadata files, images, or segment audio before associating the content with specific programs or episodes.

CD Drive content can be referenced using a URI by some operations such as synchronizing metadata. There are two possible CD Drive URI formats supported: ID and hierarchical path. The ID reference takes the form ```cddrive:id:{value}``` where value is the integer ID of the file or folder being referenced. The hierarchical path reference takes the form ```cddrive://{path}``` where path is the full, UNIX style path to the file or folder starting with '/'. For example, two CD Drive URIs pointing to the same file may be ```cddrive:id:12345``` and ```cddrive:///show1/episode2/metadata.xml```. More information about URIs can be found at [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Resource_Identifier).

## Authentication

The API currently uses OAuth 2.0.  All operations require ```cd:full``` access where the client access is only limited by the permissions of the ContentDepot user after authentication. Limiting access scope per client is not currently supported.

This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 2.0.0
- Package version: 2.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install content_depot --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your content_depot from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var ContentDepot = require('content_depot');

var defaultClient = ContentDepot.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure OAuth2 access token for authorization: cd_oauth2
var cd_oauth2 = defaultClient.authentications['cd_oauth2'];
cd_oauth2.accessToken = "YOUR ACCESS TOKEN"

var api = new ContentDepot.BroadcastServicesApi()
var opts = {
  'pageStart': 0, // {Number} The start page of the results to return. The first item is indexed at 0.
  'pageSize': 500, // {Number} The number of items to return. Must be between 0 and 500, inclusive.
  'orderById': "orderById_example" // {String} The sort order of the list of broadcast services, based on broadcast service ID. If unspecified, the broadcast services are returned in random order. If using paging to iterate through the results, sort order should be specified.
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.apiV2BroadcastservicesGet(opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ContentDepot.BroadcastServicesApi* | [**apiV2BroadcastservicesGet**](docs/BroadcastServicesApi.md#apiV2BroadcastservicesGet) | **GET** /api/v2/broadcastservices | Gets broadcast services matching the given criteria.
*ContentDepot.BroadcastServicesApi* | [**apiV2BroadcastservicesIdGet**](docs/BroadcastServicesApi.md#apiV2BroadcastservicesIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/broadcastservices/{id} | Returns the broadcast service matching the given ID.
*ContentDepot.CDDriveApi* | [**apiV2CddriveFilesContentPost**](docs/CDDriveApi.md#apiV2CddriveFilesContentPost) | **POST** /api/v2/cddrive/files/content | Upload a file.
*ContentDepot.CDDriveApi* | [**apiV2CddriveFilesFileIdContentGet**](docs/CDDriveApi.md#apiV2CddriveFilesFileIdContentGet) | **GET** /api/v2/cddrive/files/{file-id}/content | UNDER DEVELOPMENT - Download a file.
*ContentDepot.CDDriveApi* | [**apiV2CddriveFilesFileIdDelete**](docs/CDDriveApi.md#apiV2CddriveFilesFileIdDelete) | **DELETE** /api/v2/cddrive/files/{file-id} | Delete a file.
*ContentDepot.CDDriveApi* | [**apiV2CddriveFilesFileIdGet**](docs/CDDriveApi.md#apiV2CddriveFilesFileIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/cddrive/files/{file-id} | Get file information.
*ContentDepot.CDDriveApi* | [**apiV2CddriveFoldersFolderIdDelete**](docs/CDDriveApi.md#apiV2CddriveFoldersFolderIdDelete) | **DELETE** /api/v2/cddrive/folders/{folder-id} | UNDER DEVELOPMENT - Delete a folder.
*ContentDepot.CDDriveApi* | [**apiV2CddriveFoldersFolderIdGet**](docs/CDDriveApi.md#apiV2CddriveFoldersFolderIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/cddrive/folders/{folder-id} | UNDER DEVELOPMENT - Get folder information.
*ContentDepot.CDDriveApi* | [**apiV2CddriveFoldersFolderIdItemsGet**](docs/CDDriveApi.md#apiV2CddriveFoldersFolderIdItemsGet) | **GET** /api/v2/cddrive/folders/{folder-id}/items | Get the items in the folder.
*ContentDepot.CDDriveApi* | [**apiV2CddriveFoldersPost**](docs/CDDriveApi.md#apiV2CddriveFoldersPost) | **POST** /api/v2/cddrive/folders | Create a folder.
*ContentDepot.EpisodesApi* | [**apiV2EpisodesGet**](docs/EpisodesApi.md#apiV2EpisodesGet) | **GET** /api/v2/episodes | Gets episodes matching the given criteria.
*ContentDepot.EpisodesApi* | [**apiV2EpisodesIdGet**](docs/EpisodesApi.md#apiV2EpisodesIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/episodes/{id} | Returns the episode matching the given ID.
*ContentDepot.MetaPubApi* | [**apiV2MetapubProgramInformationBatchBatchIdGet**](docs/MetaPubApi.md#apiV2MetapubProgramInformationBatchBatchIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/metapub/program-information/batch/{batch-id} | Get an EPG batch operation.
*ContentDepot.MetaPubApi* | [**apiV2MetapubProgramInformationBatchPost**](docs/MetaPubApi.md#apiV2MetapubProgramInformationBatchPost) | **POST** /api/v2/metapub/program-information/batch | Create a batch operation on EPG information.
*ContentDepot.PiecesApi* | [**apiV2PiecesGet**](docs/PiecesApi.md#apiV2PiecesGet) | **GET** /api/v2/pieces | Returns the pieces matching the query parameters.
*ContentDepot.PiecesApi* | [**apiV2PiecesIdDelete**](docs/PiecesApi.md#apiV2PiecesIdDelete) | **DELETE** /api/v2/pieces/{id} | Deletes the piece with the given ID.
*ContentDepot.PiecesApi* | [**apiV2PiecesIdGet**](docs/PiecesApi.md#apiV2PiecesIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/pieces/{id} | Returns the piece matching the given ID.
*ContentDepot.PiecesApi* | [**apiV2PiecesPost**](docs/PiecesApi.md#apiV2PiecesPost) | **POST** /api/v2/pieces | Create a new piece.
*ContentDepot.ProgramsApi* | [**apiV2ProgramsIdGet**](docs/ProgramsApi.md#apiV2ProgramsIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/programs/{id} | Returns the program matching the given ID.
*ContentDepot.ProgramsApi* | [**apiV2ProgramsSearchGet**](docs/ProgramsApi.md#apiV2ProgramsSearchGet) | **GET** /api/v2/programs/search | Optimized free-text search for programs using various filters.
*ContentDepot.RadioDNSApi* | [**radiodnsSpi31GIXmlGet**](docs/RadioDNSApi.md#radiodnsSpi31GIXmlGet) | **GET** /radiodns/spi/3.1/GI.xml | Get the group information document.
*ContentDepot.RadioDNSApi* | [**radiodnsSpi31IdFqdnSidDatePIXmlGet**](docs/RadioDNSApi.md#radiodnsSpi31IdFqdnSidDatePIXmlGet) | **GET** /radiodns/spi/3.1/id/{fqdn}/{sid}/{date}_PI.xml | Get the program information document.
*ContentDepot.RadioDNSApi* | [**radiodnsSpi31SIXmlGet**](docs/RadioDNSApi.md#radiodnsSpi31SIXmlGet) | **GET** /radiodns/spi/3.1/SI.xml | Get the service information document.
*ContentDepot.SegmentsApi* | [**apiV2SegmentsGet**](docs/SegmentsApi.md#apiV2SegmentsGet) | **GET** /api/v2/segments | Returns the segments matching the query parameters.
*ContentDepot.SegmentsApi* | [**apiV2SegmentsIdContentGet**](docs/SegmentsApi.md#apiV2SegmentsIdContentGet) | **GET** /api/v2/segments/{id}/content | UNDER DEVELOPMENT - Returns the audio content segment matching the given ID.
*ContentDepot.SegmentsApi* | [**apiV2SegmentsIdDelete**](docs/SegmentsApi.md#apiV2SegmentsIdDelete) | **DELETE** /api/v2/segments/{id} | Deletes the segment with the given ID.
*ContentDepot.SegmentsApi* | [**apiV2SegmentsIdGet**](docs/SegmentsApi.md#apiV2SegmentsIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/segments/{id} | Returns the segment matching the given ID.
*ContentDepot.SegmentsApi* | [**apiV2SegmentsPost**](docs/SegmentsApi.md#apiV2SegmentsPost) | **POST** /api/v2/segments | Creates a new segment.
*ContentDepot.SpotInsertionsApi* | [**apiV2SpotinsertionsGet**](docs/SpotInsertionsApi.md#apiV2SpotinsertionsGet) | **GET** /api/v2/spotinsertions | Returns the spot insertions matching the query parameters.
*ContentDepot.SpotInsertionsApi* | [**apiV2SpotinsertionsIdDelete**](docs/SpotInsertionsApi.md#apiV2SpotinsertionsIdDelete) | **DELETE** /api/v2/spotinsertions/{id} | Deletes the spot insertion with the given ID.
*ContentDepot.SpotInsertionsApi* | [**apiV2SpotinsertionsIdGet**](docs/SpotInsertionsApi.md#apiV2SpotinsertionsIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/spotinsertions/{id} | Returns the spot insertion matching the given ID.
*ContentDepot.SpotInsertionsApi* | [**apiV2SpotinsertionsPost**](docs/SpotInsertionsApi.md#apiV2SpotinsertionsPost) | **POST** /api/v2/spotinsertions | Creates a new spot insertion.
*ContentDepot.SpotsApi* | [**apiV2SpotsGet**](docs/SpotsApi.md#apiV2SpotsGet) | **GET** /api/v2/spots | Returns the spots matching the query parameters.
*ContentDepot.SpotsApi* | [**apiV2SpotsIdDelete**](docs/SpotsApi.md#apiV2SpotsIdDelete) | **DELETE** /api/v2/spots/{id} | Deletes the spot with the given ID.
*ContentDepot.SpotsApi* | [**apiV2SpotsIdGet**](docs/SpotsApi.md#apiV2SpotsIdGet) | **GET** /api/v2/spots/{id} | Returns the spot matching the given ID.
*ContentDepot.SpotsApi* | [**apiV2SpotsPost**](docs/SpotsApi.md#apiV2SpotsPost) | **POST** /api/v2/spots | Creates a new spot.


## Documentation for Models

 - [ContentDepot.ApiV2CddriveFoldersFolderIdItemsGet200Response](docs/ApiV2CddriveFoldersFolderIdItemsGet200Response.md)
 - [ContentDepot.ApiV2MetapubProgramInformationBatchPostRequest](docs/ApiV2MetapubProgramInformationBatchPostRequest.md)
 - [ContentDepot.ApiV2MetapubProgramInformationBatchPostRequestProgram](docs/ApiV2MetapubProgramInformationBatchPostRequestProgram.md)
 - [ContentDepot.BroadcastService](docs/BroadcastService.md)
 - [ContentDepot.CDDriveFile](docs/CDDriveFile.md)
 - [ContentDepot.CDDriveFolder](docs/CDDriveFolder.md)
 - [ContentDepot.CDDriveItem](docs/CDDriveItem.md)
 - [ContentDepot.Episode](docs/Episode.md)
 - [ContentDepot.Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [ContentDepot.Piece](docs/Piece.md)
 - [ContentDepot.Program](docs/Program.md)
 - [ContentDepot.ProgramInformationBatch](docs/ProgramInformationBatch.md)
 - [ContentDepot.ProgramInformationBatchProgram](docs/ProgramInformationBatchProgram.md)
 - [ContentDepot.Segment](docs/Segment.md)
 - [ContentDepot.Spot](docs/Spot.md)
 - [ContentDepot.SpotInsertion](docs/SpotInsertion.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### cd_oauth2


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: accessCode
- **Authorization URL**: /api/oauth2/authorize
- **Scopes**: 
  - cd:full: Full access to the ContentDepot account

