# news_search_client

NewsSearchClient - JavaScript client for news_search_client
The News Search API lets you send a search query to Bing and get back a list of news that are relevant to the search query. This section provides technical details about the query parameters and headers that you use to request news and the JSON response objects that contain them. For examples that show how to make requests, see [Searching the web for news](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/bing-news-search/search-the-web).
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0
- Package version: 1.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install news_search_client --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your news_search_client from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var NewsSearchClient = require('news_search_client');

var defaultClient = NewsSearchClient.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure API key authorization: apiKeyHeader
var apiKeyHeader = defaultClient.authentications['apiKeyHeader'];
apiKeyHeader.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//apiKeyHeader.apiKeyPrefix['Ocp-Apim-Subscription-Key'] = "Token"

var api = new NewsSearchClient.NewsCategoryApi()
var xBingApisSDK = "xBingApisSDK_example"; // {String} Activate swagger compliance
var opts = {
  'accept': "accept_example", // {String} The default media type is application/json. To specify that the response use [JSON-LD](http://json-ld.org/), set the Accept header to application/ld+json.
  'acceptLanguage': "acceptLanguage_example", // {String} A comma-delimited list of one or more languages to use for user interface strings. The list is in decreasing order of preference. For additional information, including expected format, see [RFC2616](http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec14.html). This header and the [setLang](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices/bing-news-api-v7-reference#setlang) query parameter are mutually exclusive; do not specify both. If you set this header, you must also specify the [cc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices/bing-news-api-v7-reference#cc) query parameter. To determine the market to return results for, Bing uses the first supported language it finds from the list and combines it with the cc parameter value. If the list does not include a supported language, Bing finds the closest language and market that supports the request or it uses an aggregated or default market for the results. To determine the market that Bing used, see the BingAPIs-Market header. Use this header and the cc query parameter only if you specify multiple languages. Otherwise, use the [mkt](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices/bing-news-api-v7-reference#mkt) and [setLang](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices/bing-news-api-v7-reference#setlang) query parameters. A user interface string is a string that's used as a label in a user interface. There are few user interface strings in the JSON response objects. Any links to Bing.com properties in the response objects apply the specified language.
  'userAgent': "userAgent_example", // {String} The user agent originating the request. Bing uses the user agent to provide mobile users with an optimized experience. Although optional, you are encouraged to always specify this header. The user-agent should be the same string that any commonly used browser sends. For information about user agents, see [RFC 2616](http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec14.html). The following are examples of user-agent strings. Windows Phone: Mozilla/5.0 (compatible; MSIE 10.0; Windows Phone 8.0; Trident/6.0; IEMobile/10.0; ARM; Touch; NOKIA; Lumia 822). Android: Mozilla / 5.0 (Linux; U; Android 2.3.5; en - us; SCH - I500 Build / GINGERBREAD) AppleWebKit / 533.1 (KHTML; like Gecko) Version / 4.0 Mobile Safari / 533.1. iPhone: Mozilla / 5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 6_1 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit / 536.26 (KHTML; like Gecko) Mobile / 10B142 iPhone4; 1 BingWeb / 3.03.1428.20120423. PC: Mozilla / 5.0 (Windows NT 6.3; WOW64; Trident / 7.0; Touch; rv:11.0) like Gecko. iPad: Mozilla / 5.0 (iPad; CPU OS 7_0 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit / 537.51.1 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version / 7.0 Mobile / 11A465 Safari / 9537.53
  'xMSEdgeClientID': "xMSEdgeClientID_example", // {String} Bing uses this header to provide users with consistent behavior across Bing API calls. Bing often flights new features and improvements, and it uses the client ID as a key for assigning traffic on different flights. If you do not use the same client ID for a user across multiple requests, then Bing may assign the user to multiple conflicting flights. Being assigned to multiple conflicting flights can lead to an inconsistent user experience. For example, if the second request has a different flight assignment than the first, the experience may be unexpected. Also, Bing can use the client ID to tailor web results to that client ID’s search history, providing a richer experience for the user. Bing also uses this header to help improve result rankings by analyzing the activity generated by a client ID. The relevance improvements help with better quality of results delivered by Bing APIs and in turn enables higher click-through rates for the API consumer. IMPORTANT: Although optional, you should consider this header required. Persisting the client ID across multiple requests for the same end user and device combination enables 1) the API consumer to receive a consistent user experience, and 2) higher click-through rates via better quality of results from the Bing APIs. Each user that uses your application on the device must have a unique, Bing generated client ID. If you do not include this header in the request, Bing generates an ID and returns it in the X-MSEdge-ClientID response header. The only time that you should NOT include this header in a request is the first time the user uses your app on that device. Use the client ID for each Bing API request that your app makes for this user on the device. Persist the client ID. To persist the ID in a browser app, use a persistent HTTP cookie to ensure the ID is used across all sessions. Do not use a session cookie. For other apps such as mobile apps, use the device's persistent storage to persist the ID. The next time the user uses your app on that device, get the client ID that you persisted. Bing responses may or may not include this header. If the response includes this header, capture the client ID and use it for all subsequent Bing requests for the user on that device. If you include the X-MSEdge-ClientID, you must not include cookies in the request.
  'xMSEdgeClientIP': "xMSEdgeClientIP_example", // {String} The IPv4 or IPv6 address of the client device. The IP address is used to discover the user's location. Bing uses the location information to determine safe search behavior. Although optional, you are encouraged to always specify this header and the X-Search-Location header. Do not obfuscate the address (for example, by changing the last octet to 0). Obfuscating the address results in the location not being anywhere near the device's actual location, which may result in Bing serving erroneous results.
  'xSearchLocation': "xSearchLocation_example", // {String} A semicolon-delimited list of key/value pairs that describe the client's geographical location. Bing uses the location information to determine safe search behavior and to return relevant local content. Specify the key/value pair as <key>:<value>. The following are the keys that you use to specify the user's location. lat (required): The latitude of the client's location, in degrees. The latitude must be greater than or equal to -90.0 and less than or equal to +90.0. Negative values indicate southern latitudes and positive values indicate northern latitudes. long (required): The longitude of the client's location, in degrees. The longitude must be greater than or equal to -180.0 and less than or equal to +180.0. Negative values indicate western longitudes and positive values indicate eastern longitudes. re (required): The radius, in meters, which specifies the horizontal accuracy of the coordinates. Pass the value returned by the device's location service. Typical values might be 22m for GPS/Wi-Fi, 380m for cell tower triangulation, and 18,000m for reverse IP lookup. ts (optional): The UTC UNIX timestamp of when the client was at the location. (The UNIX timestamp is the number of seconds since January 1, 1970.) head (optional): The client's relative heading or direction of travel. Specify the direction of travel as degrees from 0 through 360, counting clockwise relative to true north. Specify this key only if the sp key is nonzero. sp (optional): The horizontal velocity (speed), in meters per second, that the client device is traveling. alt (optional): The altitude of the client device, in meters. are (optional): The radius, in meters, that specifies the vertical accuracy of the coordinates. Specify this key only if you specify the alt key. Although many of the keys are optional, the more information that you provide, the more accurate the location results are. Although optional, you are encouraged to always specify the user's geographical location. Providing the location is especially important if the client's IP address does not accurately reflect the user's physical location (for example, if the client uses VPN). For optimal results, you should include this header and the X-MSEdge-ClientIP header, but at a minimum, you should include this header.
  'cc': "cc_example", // {String} A 2-character country code of the country where the results come from. This API supports only the United States market. If you specify this query parameter, it must be set to us. If you set this parameter, you must also specify the Accept-Language header. Bing uses the first supported language it finds from the languages list, and combine that language with the country code that you specify to determine the market to return results for. If the languages list does not include a supported language, Bing finds the closest language and market that supports the request, or it may use an aggregated or default market for the results instead of a specified one. You should use this query parameter and the Accept-Language query parameter only if you specify multiple languages; otherwise, you should use the mkt and setLang query parameters. This parameter and the mkt query parameter are mutually exclusive—do not specify both.
  'category': "category_example", // {String} The category of articles to return. For example, Sports articles or Entertainment articles. For a list of possible categories, see [News Categories by Market](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices/bing-news-api-v7-reference#categories-by-market). Use this parameter only with News Category API. If you do not specify this parameter, the response includes both: Headline articles typically published in the last 24 hours from any category and articles from each parent category (up to four articles). If the article is a headline, the article's headline field is set to true. By default, the response includes up to 12 headline articles. To specify the number of headline articles to return, set the [headlineCount](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices/bing-news-api-v7-reference#headlineCount) query parameter.
  'count': 56, // {Number} The number of news articles to return in the response. The actual number delivered may be less than requested. The default is 10 and the maximum value is 100. The actual number delivered may be less than requested.You may use this parameter along with the offset parameter to page results. For example, if your user interface displays 20 articles per page, set count to 20 and offset to 0 to get the first page of results. For each subsequent page, increment offset by 20 (for example, 0, 20, 40). It is possible for multiple pages to include some overlap in results. If you do not specify the [category](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices/bing-news-api-v7-reference#category) parameter, Bing ignores this parameter.
  'headlineCount': 56, // {Number} The number of headline articles to return in the response. The default is 12. Specify this parameter only if you do not specify the [category](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices/bing-news-api-v7-reference#category) parameter.
  'mkt': "mkt_example", // {String} The market where the results come from. Typically, mkt is the country where the user is making the request from. However, it could be a different country if the user is not located in a country where Bing delivers results. The market must be in the form <language code>-<country code>. For example, en-US. The string is case insensitive. For a list of possible market values, see [Market Codes](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices/bing-news-api-v7-reference#market-codes). NOTE: If known, you are encouraged to always specify the market. Specifying the market helps Bing route the request and return an appropriate and optimal response. If you specify a market that is not listed in [Market Codes](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices/bing-news-api-v7-reference#market-codes), Bing uses a best fit market code based on an internal mapping that is subject to change. This parameter and the [cc](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices/bing-news-api-v7-reference#cc) query parameter are mutually exclusive—do not specify both.
  'offset': 56, // {Number} The zero-based offset that indicates the number of news to skip before returning news. The default is 0. The offset should be less than ([totalEstimatedMatches](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices/bing-news-api-v7-reference#news-totalmatches) - count). Use this parameter along with the count parameter to page results. For example, if your user interface displays 20 news per page, set count to 20 and offset to 0 to get the first page of results. For each subsequent page, increment offset by 20 (for example, 0, 20, 40). It is possible for multiple pages to include some overlap in results. If you do not specify the [category](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices/bing-news-api-v7-reference#category) parameter, Bing ignores this parameter.
  'originalImg': true, // {Boolean} A Boolean value that determines whether the image's contentUrl contains a URL that points to a thumbnail of the original article's image or the image itself. If the article includes an image, and this parameter is set to true, the image's contentUrl property contains a URL that you may use to download the original image from the publisher's website. Otherwise, if this parameter is false, the image's contentUrl and thumbnailUrl URLs both point to the same thumbnail image. Use this parameter only with the News Search API or News Category API. Trending Topics API ignore this parameter.
  'safeSearch': "safeSearch_example", // {String} Filter news for adult content. The following are the possible filter values. Off: Return news articles with adult text, images, or videos. Moderate: Return news articles with adult text but not adult images or videos. Strict: Do not return news articles with adult text, images, or videos. If the request comes from a market that Bing's adult policy requires that safeSearch is set to Strict, Bing ignores the safeSearch value and uses Strict. If you use the site: query operator, there is the chance that the response may contain adult content regardless of what the safeSearch query parameter is set to. Use site: only if you are aware of the content on the site and your scenario supports the possibility of adult content.
  'setLang': "setLang_example", // {String} The language to use for user interface strings. Specify the language using the ISO 639-1 2-letter language code. For example, the language code for English is EN. The default is EN (English). Although optional, you should always specify the language. Typically, you set setLang to the same language specified by mkt unless the user wants the user interface strings displayed in a different language. This parameter and the [Accept-Language](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices/bing-news-api-v7-reference#acceptlanguage) header are mutually exclusive; do not specify both. A user interface string is a string that's used as a label in a user interface. There are few user interface strings in the JSON response objects. Also, any links to Bing.com properties in the response objects apply the specified language.
  'textDecorations': true, // {Boolean} A Boolean value that determines whether display strings contain decoration markers such as hit highlighting characters. If true, the strings may include markers. The default is false. To specify whether to use Unicode characters or HTML tags as the markers, see the [textFormat](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/cognitiveservices/bing-news-api-v7-reference#textformat) query parameter. For information about hit highlighting, see [Hit Highlighting](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/cognitive-services/bing-news-search/hit-highlighting).
  'textFormat': "textFormat_example" // {String} The type of markers to use for text decorations (see the textDecorations query parameter). Possible values are Raw—Use Unicode characters to mark content that needs special formatting. The Unicode characters are in the range E000 through E019. For example, Bing uses E000 and E001 to mark the beginning and end of query terms for hit highlighting. HTML—Use HTML tags to mark content that needs special formatting. For example, use <b> tags to highlight query terms in display strings. The default is Raw. For display strings that contain escapable HTML characters such as <, >, and &, if textFormat is set to HTML, Bing escapes the characters as appropriate (for example, < is escaped to &lt;).
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.newsCategory(xBingApisSDK, opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.cognitive.microsoft.com/bing/v7.0*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*NewsSearchClient.NewsCategoryApi* | [**newsCategory**](docs/NewsCategoryApi.md#newsCategory) | **GET** /news | The News Category API lets you search on Bing and get back a list of top news articles by category. This section provides technical details about the query parameters and headers that you use to request news and the JSON response objects that contain them.  For examples that show how to make requests, see [Searching the web for news](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/bing-news-search/search-the-web).
*NewsSearchClient.NewsSearchApi* | [**newsSearch**](docs/NewsSearchApi.md#newsSearch) | **GET** /news/search | The News Search API lets you send a search query to Bing and get back a list of news that are relevant to the search query. This section provides technical details about the query parameters and headers that you use to request news and the JSON response objects that contain them.  For examples that show how to make requests, see [Searching the web for news](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/bing-news-search/search-the-web).
*NewsSearchClient.NewsTrendingTopicsApi* | [**newsTrending**](docs/NewsTrendingTopicsApi.md#newsTrending) | **GET** /news/trendingtopics | The News Trending Topics API lets you search on Bing and get back a list of trending news topics that are currently trending on Bing. This section provides technical details about the query parameters and headers that you use to request news and the JSON response objects that contain them.  For examples that show how to make requests, see [Searching the web for news](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/bing-news-search/search-the-web).


## Documentation for Models

 - [NewsSearchClient.Answer](docs/Answer.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.Article](docs/Article.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.CreativeWork](docs/CreativeWork.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.ErrorResponse](docs/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.Identifiable](docs/Identifiable.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.ImageObject](docs/ImageObject.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.MediaObject](docs/MediaObject.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.News](docs/News.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.NewsArticle](docs/NewsArticle.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.NewsTopic](docs/NewsTopic.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.Organization](docs/Organization.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.Query](docs/Query.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.Response](docs/Response.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.ResponseBase](docs/ResponseBase.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.SearchResultsAnswer](docs/SearchResultsAnswer.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.Thing](docs/Thing.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.TrendingTopics](docs/TrendingTopics.md)
 - [NewsSearchClient.VideoObject](docs/VideoObject.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### apiKeyHeader


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: Ocp-Apim-Subscription-Key
- **Location**: HTTP header

