# openapi-java-client

BatchService
- API version: 2016-07-01.3.1
  - Build date: 2024-10-12T11:59:00.212826-04:00[America/New_York]
  - Generator version: 7.9.0

A client for issuing REST requests to the Azure Batch service.


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.8+
2. Maven (3.8.3+)/Gradle (7.2+)

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
  <artifactId>openapi-java-client</artifactId>
  <version>2016-07-01.3.1</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
  repositories {
    mavenCentral()     // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to maven central.
    mavenLocal()       // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to the local maven repo.
  }

  dependencies {
     implementation "org.openapitools:openapi-java-client:2016-07-01.3.1"
  }
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

* `target/openapi-java-client-2016-07-01.3.1.jar`
* `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java

// Import classes:
import org.openapitools.client.ApiClient;
import org.openapitools.client.ApiException;
import org.openapitools.client.Configuration;
import org.openapitools.client.model.*;
import org.openapitools.client.api.AccountsApi;

public class Example {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    ApiClient defaultClient = Configuration.getDefaultApiClient();
    defaultClient.setBasePath("https://batch.core.windows.net");

    AccountsApi apiInstance = new AccountsApi(defaultClient);
    String apiVersion = "apiVersion_example"; // String | Client API Version.
    String $filter = "$filter_example"; // String | An OData $filter clause.
    Integer maxresults = 1000; // Integer | The maximum number of items to return in the response. A maximum of 1000 results will be returned.
    Integer timeout = 30; // Integer | The maximum time that the server can spend processing the request, in seconds. The default is 30 seconds.
    String clientRequestId = "clientRequestId_example"; // String | The caller-generated request identity, in the form of a GUID with no decoration such as curly braces, e.g. 9C4D50EE-2D56-4CD3-8152-34347DC9F2B0.
    Boolean returnClientRequestId = false; // Boolean | Whether the server should return the client-request-id in the response.
    String ocpDate = "ocpDate_example"; // String | The time the request was issued. If not specified, this header will be automatically populated with the current system clock time.
    try {
      AccountListNodeAgentSkusResult result = apiInstance.accountListNodeAgentSkus(apiVersion, $filter, maxresults, timeout, clientRequestId, returnClientRequestId, ocpDate);
      System.out.println(result);
    } catch (ApiException e) {
      System.err.println("Exception when calling AccountsApi#accountListNodeAgentSkus");
      System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
      System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
      System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
      e.printStackTrace();
    }
  }
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://batch.core.windows.net*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AccountsApi* | [**accountListNodeAgentSkus**](docs/AccountsApi.md#accountListNodeAgentSkus) | **GET** /nodeagentskus | Lists all node agent SKUs supported by the Azure Batch service.
*ApplicationsApi* | [**applicationGet**](docs/ApplicationsApi.md#applicationGet) | **GET** /applications/{applicationId} | Gets information about the specified application.
*ApplicationsApi* | [**applicationList**](docs/ApplicationsApi.md#applicationList) | **GET** /applications | Lists all of the applications available in the specified account.
*CertificatesApi* | [**certificateAdd**](docs/CertificatesApi.md#certificateAdd) | **POST** /certificates | Adds a certificate to the specified account.
*CertificatesApi* | [**certificateCancelDeletion**](docs/CertificatesApi.md#certificateCancelDeletion) | **POST** /certificates(thumbprintAlgorithm&#x3D;{thumbprintAlgorithm},thumbprint&#x3D;{thumbprint})/canceldelete | Cancels a failed deletion of a certificate from the specified account.
*CertificatesApi* | [**certificateDelete**](docs/CertificatesApi.md#certificateDelete) | **DELETE** /certificates(thumbprintAlgorithm&#x3D;{thumbprintAlgorithm},thumbprint&#x3D;{thumbprint}) | Deletes a certificate from the specified account.
*CertificatesApi* | [**certificateGet**](docs/CertificatesApi.md#certificateGet) | **GET** /certificates(thumbprintAlgorithm&#x3D;{thumbprintAlgorithm},thumbprint&#x3D;{thumbprint}) | 
*CertificatesApi* | [**certificateList**](docs/CertificatesApi.md#certificateList) | **GET** /certificates | Lists all of the certificates that have been added to the specified account.
*ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeAddUser**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeAddUser) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/users | Adds a user account to the specified compute node.
*ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeDeleteUser**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeDeleteUser) | **DELETE** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/users/{userName} | Deletes a user account from the specified compute node.
*ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeDisableScheduling**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeDisableScheduling) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/disablescheduling | Disables task scheduling on the specified compute node.
*ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeEnableScheduling**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeEnableScheduling) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/enablescheduling | Enables task scheduling on the specified compute node.
*ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeGet**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeGet) | **GET** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId} | Gets information about the specified compute node.
*ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeGetRemoteDesktop**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeGetRemoteDesktop) | **GET** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/rdp | Gets the Remote Desktop Protocol file for the specified compute node.
*ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeGetRemoteLoginSettings**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeGetRemoteLoginSettings) | **GET** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/remoteloginsettings | Gets the settings required for remote login to a compute node.
*ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeList**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeList) | **GET** /pools/{poolId}/nodes | Lists the compute nodes in the specified pool.
*ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeReboot**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeReboot) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/reboot | Restarts the specified compute node.
*ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeReimage**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeReimage) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/reimage | Reinstalls the operating system on the specified compute node.
*ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeUpdateUser**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeUpdateUser) | **PUT** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/users/{userName} | Updates the password or expiration time of a user account on the specified compute node.
*ComputeNodesApi* | [**poolRemoveNodes**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#poolRemoveNodes) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/removenodes | Removes compute nodes from the specified pool.
*FilesApi* | [**fileDeleteFromComputeNode**](docs/FilesApi.md#fileDeleteFromComputeNode) | **DELETE** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/files/{fileName} | Deletes the specified task file from the compute node.
*FilesApi* | [**fileDeleteFromTask**](docs/FilesApi.md#fileDeleteFromTask) | **DELETE** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId}/files/{fileName} | Deletes the specified task file from the compute node where the task ran.
*FilesApi* | [**fileGetFromComputeNode**](docs/FilesApi.md#fileGetFromComputeNode) | **GET** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/files/{fileName} | 
*FilesApi* | [**fileGetFromTask**](docs/FilesApi.md#fileGetFromTask) | **GET** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId}/files/{fileName} | 
*FilesApi* | [**fileGetNodeFilePropertiesFromComputeNode**](docs/FilesApi.md#fileGetNodeFilePropertiesFromComputeNode) | **HEAD** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/files/{fileName} | 
*FilesApi* | [**fileGetNodeFilePropertiesFromTask**](docs/FilesApi.md#fileGetNodeFilePropertiesFromTask) | **HEAD** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId}/files/{fileName} | 
*FilesApi* | [**fileListFromComputeNode**](docs/FilesApi.md#fileListFromComputeNode) | **GET** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/files | Lists all of the files in task directories on the specified compute node.
*FilesApi* | [**fileListFromTask**](docs/FilesApi.md#fileListFromTask) | **GET** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId}/files | Lists the files in a task&#39;s directory on its compute node.
*JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleAdd**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleAdd) | **POST** /jobschedules | Adds a job schedule to the specified account.
*JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleDelete**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleDelete) | **DELETE** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId} | Deletes a job schedule from the specified account.
*JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleDisable**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleDisable) | **POST** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId}/disable | Disables a job schedule.
*JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleEnable**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleEnable) | **POST** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId}/enable | Enables a job schedule.
*JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleExists**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleExists) | **HEAD** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId} | Checks the specified job schedule exists.
*JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleGet**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleGet) | **GET** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId} | 
*JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleList**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleList) | **GET** /jobschedules | Lists all of the job schedules in the specified account.
*JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobSchedulePatch**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobSchedulePatch) | **PATCH** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId} | Updates the properties of the specified job schedule.
*JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleTerminate**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleTerminate) | **POST** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId}/terminate | Terminates a job schedule.
*JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleUpdate**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleUpdate) | **PUT** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId} | Updates the properties of the specified job schedule.
*JobsApi* | [**jobAdd**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobAdd) | **POST** /jobs | Adds a job to the specified account.
*JobsApi* | [**jobDelete**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobDelete) | **DELETE** /jobs/{jobId} | Deletes a job.
*JobsApi* | [**jobDisable**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobDisable) | **POST** /jobs/{jobId}/disable | Disables the specified job, preventing new tasks from running.
*JobsApi* | [**jobEnable**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobEnable) | **POST** /jobs/{jobId}/enable | Enables the specified job, allowing new tasks to run.
*JobsApi* | [**jobGet**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobGet) | **GET** /jobs/{jobId} | Gets information about the specified job.
*JobsApi* | [**jobGetAllJobsLifetimeStatistics**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobGetAllJobsLifetimeStatistics) | **GET** /lifetimejobstats | Gets lifetime summary statistics for all of the jobs in the specified account.
*JobsApi* | [**jobList**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobList) | **GET** /jobs | Lists all of the jobs in the specified account.
*JobsApi* | [**jobListFromJobSchedule**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobListFromJobSchedule) | **GET** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId}/jobs | Lists the jobs that have been created under the specified job schedule.
*JobsApi* | [**jobListPreparationAndReleaseTaskStatus**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobListPreparationAndReleaseTaskStatus) | **GET** /jobs/{jobId}/jobpreparationandreleasetaskstatus | Lists the execution status of the Job Preparation and Job Release task for the specified job across the compute nodes where the job has run.
*JobsApi* | [**jobPatch**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobPatch) | **PATCH** /jobs/{jobId} | Updates the properties of the specified job.
*JobsApi* | [**jobTerminate**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobTerminate) | **POST** /jobs/{jobId}/terminate | Terminates the specified job, marking it as completed.
*JobsApi* | [**jobUpdate**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobUpdate) | **PUT** /jobs/{jobId} | Updates the properties of the specified job.
*PoolsApi* | [**poolAdd**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolAdd) | **POST** /pools | Adds a pool to the specified account.
*PoolsApi* | [**poolDelete**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolDelete) | **DELETE** /pools/{poolId} | Deletes a pool from the specified account.
*PoolsApi* | [**poolDisableAutoScale**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolDisableAutoScale) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/disableautoscale | Disables automatic scaling for a pool.
*PoolsApi* | [**poolEnableAutoScale**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolEnableAutoScale) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/enableautoscale | Enables automatic scaling for a pool.
*PoolsApi* | [**poolEvaluateAutoScale**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolEvaluateAutoScale) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/evaluateautoscale | Gets the result of evaluating an automatic scaling formula on the pool.
*PoolsApi* | [**poolExists**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolExists) | **HEAD** /pools/{poolId} | 
*PoolsApi* | [**poolGet**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolGet) | **GET** /pools/{poolId} | 
*PoolsApi* | [**poolGetAllPoolsLifetimeStatistics**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolGetAllPoolsLifetimeStatistics) | **GET** /lifetimepoolstats | Gets lifetime summary statistics for all of the pools in the specified account.
*PoolsApi* | [**poolList**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolList) | **GET** /pools | Lists all of the pools in the specified account.
*PoolsApi* | [**poolListPoolUsageMetrics**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolListPoolUsageMetrics) | **GET** /poolusagemetrics | Lists the usage metrics, aggregated by pool across individual time intervals, for the specified account.
*PoolsApi* | [**poolPatch**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolPatch) | **PATCH** /pools/{poolId} | Updates the properties of the specified pool.
*PoolsApi* | [**poolResize**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolResize) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/resize | Changes the number of compute nodes that are assigned to a pool.
*PoolsApi* | [**poolStopResize**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolStopResize) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/stopresize | Stops an ongoing resize operation on the pool.
*PoolsApi* | [**poolUpdateProperties**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolUpdateProperties) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/updateproperties | Updates the properties of the specified pool.
*PoolsApi* | [**poolUpgradeOS**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolUpgradeOS) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/upgradeos | Upgrades the operating system of the specified pool.
*TasksApi* | [**taskAdd**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskAdd) | **POST** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks | Adds a task to the specified job.
*TasksApi* | [**taskAddCollection**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskAddCollection) | **POST** /jobs/{jobId}/addtaskcollection | Adds a collection of tasks to the specified job.
*TasksApi* | [**taskDelete**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskDelete) | **DELETE** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId} | Deletes a task from the specified job.
*TasksApi* | [**taskGet**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskGet) | **GET** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId} | Gets information about the specified task.
*TasksApi* | [**taskList**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskList) | **GET** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks | Lists all of the tasks that are associated with the specified job.
*TasksApi* | [**taskListSubtasks**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskListSubtasks) | **GET** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId}/subtasksinfo | Lists all of the subtasks that are associated with the specified multi-instance task.
*TasksApi* | [**taskReactivate**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskReactivate) | **POST** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId}/reactivate | Reactivates the specified task.
*TasksApi* | [**taskTerminate**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskTerminate) | **POST** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId}/terminate | Terminates the specified task.
*TasksApi* | [**taskUpdate**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskUpdate) | **PUT** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId} | 


## Documentation for Models

 - [AccountListNodeAgentSkusResult](docs/AccountListNodeAgentSkusResult.md)
 - [AffinityInformation](docs/AffinityInformation.md)
 - [ApplicationListResult](docs/ApplicationListResult.md)
 - [ApplicationPackageReference](docs/ApplicationPackageReference.md)
 - [ApplicationSummary](docs/ApplicationSummary.md)
 - [AutoPoolSpecification](docs/AutoPoolSpecification.md)
 - [AutoScaleRun](docs/AutoScaleRun.md)
 - [AutoScaleRunError](docs/AutoScaleRunError.md)
 - [BatchError](docs/BatchError.md)
 - [BatchErrorDetail](docs/BatchErrorDetail.md)
 - [Certificate](docs/Certificate.md)
 - [CertificateAddParameter](docs/CertificateAddParameter.md)
 - [CertificateListResult](docs/CertificateListResult.md)
 - [CertificateReference](docs/CertificateReference.md)
 - [CloudJob](docs/CloudJob.md)
 - [CloudJobListPreparationAndReleaseTaskStatusResult](docs/CloudJobListPreparationAndReleaseTaskStatusResult.md)
 - [CloudJobListResult](docs/CloudJobListResult.md)
 - [CloudJobSchedule](docs/CloudJobSchedule.md)
 - [CloudJobScheduleListResult](docs/CloudJobScheduleListResult.md)
 - [CloudPool](docs/CloudPool.md)
 - [CloudPoolListResult](docs/CloudPoolListResult.md)
 - [CloudServiceConfiguration](docs/CloudServiceConfiguration.md)
 - [CloudTask](docs/CloudTask.md)
 - [CloudTaskListResult](docs/CloudTaskListResult.md)
 - [CloudTaskListSubtasksResult](docs/CloudTaskListSubtasksResult.md)
 - [ComputeNode](docs/ComputeNode.md)
 - [ComputeNodeError](docs/ComputeNodeError.md)
 - [ComputeNodeGetRemoteLoginSettingsResult](docs/ComputeNodeGetRemoteLoginSettingsResult.md)
 - [ComputeNodeInformation](docs/ComputeNodeInformation.md)
 - [ComputeNodeListResult](docs/ComputeNodeListResult.md)
 - [ComputeNodeUser](docs/ComputeNodeUser.md)
 - [DeleteCertificateError](docs/DeleteCertificateError.md)
 - [EnvironmentSetting](docs/EnvironmentSetting.md)
 - [ErrorMessage](docs/ErrorMessage.md)
 - [ExitCodeMapping](docs/ExitCodeMapping.md)
 - [ExitCodeRangeMapping](docs/ExitCodeRangeMapping.md)
 - [ExitConditions](docs/ExitConditions.md)
 - [ExitOptions](docs/ExitOptions.md)
 - [FileProperties](docs/FileProperties.md)
 - [ImageReference](docs/ImageReference.md)
 - [JobAddParameter](docs/JobAddParameter.md)
 - [JobConstraints](docs/JobConstraints.md)
 - [JobDisableParameter](docs/JobDisableParameter.md)
 - [JobExecutionInformation](docs/JobExecutionInformation.md)
 - [JobManagerTask](docs/JobManagerTask.md)
 - [JobPatchParameter](docs/JobPatchParameter.md)
 - [JobPreparationAndReleaseTaskExecutionInformation](docs/JobPreparationAndReleaseTaskExecutionInformation.md)
 - [JobPreparationTask](docs/JobPreparationTask.md)
 - [JobPreparationTaskExecutionInformation](docs/JobPreparationTaskExecutionInformation.md)
 - [JobReleaseTask](docs/JobReleaseTask.md)
 - [JobReleaseTaskExecutionInformation](docs/JobReleaseTaskExecutionInformation.md)
 - [JobScheduleAddParameter](docs/JobScheduleAddParameter.md)
 - [JobScheduleExecutionInformation](docs/JobScheduleExecutionInformation.md)
 - [JobSchedulePatchParameter](docs/JobSchedulePatchParameter.md)
 - [JobScheduleStatistics](docs/JobScheduleStatistics.md)
 - [JobScheduleUpdateParameter](docs/JobScheduleUpdateParameter.md)
 - [JobSchedulingError](docs/JobSchedulingError.md)
 - [JobSpecification](docs/JobSpecification.md)
 - [JobStatistics](docs/JobStatistics.md)
 - [JobTerminateParameter](docs/JobTerminateParameter.md)
 - [JobUpdateParameter](docs/JobUpdateParameter.md)
 - [MetadataItem](docs/MetadataItem.md)
 - [MultiInstanceSettings](docs/MultiInstanceSettings.md)
 - [NameValuePair](docs/NameValuePair.md)
 - [NetworkConfiguration](docs/NetworkConfiguration.md)
 - [NodeAgentSku](docs/NodeAgentSku.md)
 - [NodeDisableSchedulingParameter](docs/NodeDisableSchedulingParameter.md)
 - [NodeFile](docs/NodeFile.md)
 - [NodeFileListResult](docs/NodeFileListResult.md)
 - [NodeRebootParameter](docs/NodeRebootParameter.md)
 - [NodeReimageParameter](docs/NodeReimageParameter.md)
 - [NodeRemoveParameter](docs/NodeRemoveParameter.md)
 - [NodeUpdateUserParameter](docs/NodeUpdateUserParameter.md)
 - [PoolAddParameter](docs/PoolAddParameter.md)
 - [PoolEnableAutoScaleParameter](docs/PoolEnableAutoScaleParameter.md)
 - [PoolEvaluateAutoScaleParameter](docs/PoolEvaluateAutoScaleParameter.md)
 - [PoolInformation](docs/PoolInformation.md)
 - [PoolListPoolUsageMetricsResult](docs/PoolListPoolUsageMetricsResult.md)
 - [PoolPatchParameter](docs/PoolPatchParameter.md)
 - [PoolResizeParameter](docs/PoolResizeParameter.md)
 - [PoolSpecification](docs/PoolSpecification.md)
 - [PoolStatistics](docs/PoolStatistics.md)
 - [PoolUpdatePropertiesParameter](docs/PoolUpdatePropertiesParameter.md)
 - [PoolUpgradeOSParameter](docs/PoolUpgradeOSParameter.md)
 - [PoolUsageMetrics](docs/PoolUsageMetrics.md)
 - [RecentJob](docs/RecentJob.md)
 - [ResizeError](docs/ResizeError.md)
 - [ResourceFile](docs/ResourceFile.md)
 - [ResourceStatistics](docs/ResourceStatistics.md)
 - [Schedule](docs/Schedule.md)
 - [StartTask](docs/StartTask.md)
 - [StartTaskInformation](docs/StartTaskInformation.md)
 - [SubtaskInformation](docs/SubtaskInformation.md)
 - [TaskAddCollectionParameter](docs/TaskAddCollectionParameter.md)
 - [TaskAddCollectionResult](docs/TaskAddCollectionResult.md)
 - [TaskAddParameter](docs/TaskAddParameter.md)
 - [TaskAddResult](docs/TaskAddResult.md)
 - [TaskConstraints](docs/TaskConstraints.md)
 - [TaskDependencies](docs/TaskDependencies.md)
 - [TaskExecutionInformation](docs/TaskExecutionInformation.md)
 - [TaskIdRange](docs/TaskIdRange.md)
 - [TaskInformation](docs/TaskInformation.md)
 - [TaskSchedulingError](docs/TaskSchedulingError.md)
 - [TaskSchedulingPolicy](docs/TaskSchedulingPolicy.md)
 - [TaskStatistics](docs/TaskStatistics.md)
 - [TaskUpdateParameter](docs/TaskUpdateParameter.md)
 - [UsageStatistics](docs/UsageStatistics.md)
 - [VirtualMachineConfiguration](docs/VirtualMachineConfiguration.md)
 - [WindowsConfiguration](docs/WindowsConfiguration.md)


<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author



