# SquareConnectApi.Dispute

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**amountMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**brandDisputeId** | **String** | The ID of the dispute in the card brand system, generated by the card brand. | [optional] 
**cardBrand** | **String** | The card brand used in the disputed payment. | [optional] 
**createdAt** | **String** | The timestamp when the dispute was created, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] 
**disputeId** | **String** | The unique ID for this &#x60;Dispute&#x60;, generated by Square. | [optional] 
**disputedPayment** | [**DisputedPayment**](DisputedPayment.md) |  | [optional] 
**dueAt** | **String** | The time when the next action is due, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] 
**evidenceIds** | **[String]** | The IDs of the evidence associated with the dispute. | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | The unique ID for this &#x60;Dispute&#x60;, generated by Square. | [optional] 
**locationId** | **String** | The ID of the location where the dispute originated. | [optional] 
**reason** | **String** | The dispute reason why the cardholder initiated the dispute with their bank. | [optional] 
**reportedAt** | **String** | The timestamp when the dispute was reported, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] 
**reportedDate** | **String** | The timestamp when the dispute was reported, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] 
**state** | **String** | The current state of this dispute. | [optional] 
**updatedAt** | **String** | The timestamp when the dispute was last updated, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] 
**version** | **Number** | The current version of the &#x60;Dispute&#x60;. | [optional] 


