# SquareConnectApi.Payment

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**amountMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**appFeeMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**approvedMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**bankAccountDetails** | [**BankAccountPaymentDetails**](BankAccountPaymentDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**billingAddress** | [**Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] 
**buyerEmailAddress** | **String** | The buyer&#39;s email address. | [optional] 
**capabilities** | **[String]** | Actions that can be performed on this payment: - &#x60;EDIT_AMOUNT_UP&#x60; - The payment amount can be edited up. - &#x60;EDIT_AMOUNT_DOWN&#x60; - The payment amount can be edited down. - &#x60;EDIT_TIP_AMOUNT_UP&#x60; - The tip amount can be edited up. - &#x60;EDIT_TIP_AMOUNT_DOWN&#x60; - The tip amount can be edited down. | [optional] 
**cardDetails** | [**CardPaymentDetails**](CardPaymentDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**cashDetails** | [**CashPaymentDetails**](CashPaymentDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**createdAt** | **String** | The timestamp of when the payment was created, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] 
**customerId** | **String** | The [Customer](https://developer.squareup.com/reference/square_2021-08-18/objects/Customer) ID of the customer associated with the payment. | [optional] 
**delayAction** | **String** | The action to be applied to the payment when the &#x60;delay_duration&#x60; has elapsed. This field is read-only.  Current values include &#x60;CANCEL&#x60;. | [optional] 
**delayDuration** | **String** | The duration of time after the payment&#39;s creation when Square automatically applies the &#x60;delay_action&#x60; to the payment. This automatic &#x60;delay_action&#x60; applies only to payments that do not reach a terminal state (COMPLETED, CANCELED, or FAILED) before the &#x60;delay_duration&#x60; time period.  This field is specified as a time duration, in RFC 3339 format.  Notes: This feature is only supported for card payments.  Default:  - Card-present payments: \&quot;PT36H\&quot; (36 hours) from the creation time. - Card-not-present payments: \&quot;P7D\&quot; (7 days) from the creation time. | [optional] 
**delayedUntil** | **String** | The read-only timestamp of when the &#x60;delay_action&#x60; is automatically applied, in RFC 3339 format.  Note that this field is calculated by summing the payment&#39;s &#x60;delay_duration&#x60; and &#x60;created_at&#x60; fields. The &#x60;created_at&#x60; field is generated by Square and might not exactly match the time on your local machine. | [optional] 
**employeeId** | **String** | An optional ID of the employee associated with taking the payment. | [optional] 
**externalDetails** | [**ExternalPaymentDetails**](ExternalPaymentDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | A unique ID for the payment. | [optional] 
**locationId** | **String** | The ID of the location associated with the payment. | [optional] 
**note** | **String** | An optional note to include when creating a payment. | [optional] 
**orderId** | **String** | The ID of the order associated with the payment. | [optional] 
**processingFee** | [**[ProcessingFee]**](ProcessingFee.md) | The processing fees and fee adjustments assessed by Square for this payment. | [optional] 
**receiptNumber** | **String** | The payment&#39;s receipt number. The field is missing if a payment is canceled. | [optional] 
**receiptUrl** | **String** | The URL for the payment&#39;s receipt. The field is only populated for COMPLETED payments. | [optional] 
**referenceId** | **String** | An optional ID that associates the payment with an entity in another system. | [optional] 
**refundIds** | **[String]** | A list of &#x60;refund_id&#x60;s identifying refunds for the payment. | [optional] 
**refundedMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**riskEvaluation** | [**RiskEvaluation**](RiskEvaluation.md) |  | [optional] 
**shippingAddress** | [**Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] 
**sourceType** | **String** | The source type for this payment.  Current values include &#x60;CARD&#x60;, &#x60;BANK_ACCOUNT&#x60;, &#x60;WALLET&#x60;, &#x60;CASH&#x60;, or &#x60;EXTERNAL&#x60;. | [optional] 
**statementDescriptionIdentifier** | **String** | Additional payment information that gets added to the customer&#39;s card statement as part of the statement description.  Note that the &#x60;statement_description_identifier&#x60; might get truncated on the statement description to fit the required information including the Square identifier (SQ *) and the name of the seller taking the payment. | [optional] 
**status** | **String** | Indicates whether the payment is APPROVED, PENDING, COMPLETED, CANCELED, or FAILED. | [optional] 
**tipMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**totalMoney** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**updatedAt** | **String** | The timestamp of when the payment was last updated, in RFC 3339 format. | [optional] 
**versionToken** | **String** | Used for optimistic concurrency. This opaque token identifies a specific version of the &#x60;Payment&#x60; object. | [optional] 
**walletDetails** | [**DigitalWalletDetails**](DigitalWalletDetails.md) |  | [optional] 


