# moon_api

MoonApi - JavaScript client for moon_api
# Moon-API.com Postman Collection

Welcome to the Moon Phase API Postman Collection! This collection contains a set of pre-configured API requests to interact with the Moon Phase API endpoints provided by [moon-api.com](https://moon-api.com). Explore the enchanting world of the moon and its ever-changing phases with ease using this collection.

## Getting Started

To start using this Postman collection, follow these steps:

1. [Download and install Postman](https://www.postman.com/downloads/) if you haven't already.
2. Import the Moon API Postman Collection into your Postman app.
3. Set your RapidAPI key in the collection's environment variables.
4. Begin making requests to explore the moon phase data and retrieve lunar information.
    

## Collection Structure

The Moon-API.com Postman Collection consists of the following requests:

- **Basic Moon Phase**: Retrieve the main moon phase data.
- **Advanced Moon Phase**: Get detailed moon phase data based on a specific timezone and coordinates.
- **Plain Text Moon Phase**: Get a plain text description of the current moon phase.
- **Emoji Moon Phase**: Get the relevant emoji of the current moon phase.
- **Lunar Calender**: Get the current year's moon phases in a markdown calender.
    

## Environment Variables

The collection uses environment variables to store your RapidAPI key. To use this collection effectively, ensure you set the `X-Rapidapi-Key` variable in the collection's environment with your actual RapidAPI key.

## How to Use

1. Select the desired request from the Moon API collection.
2. Click on the request to open it.
3. Send the request and view the response to retrieve the moon phase data.
    

## Documentation

For more information on the Moon Phase API endpoints and their response formats, refer to the [official Moon API documentation](https://rapidapi.com/MoonAPIcom/api/moon-phase/details). Visit [moon-api.com](https://moon-api.com) to learn more about the Moon Phase API and the services provided.

Happy moon exploration with the Moon Phase API Postman Collection provided by [moon-api.com](https://moon-api.com)!
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install moon_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your moon_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var MoonApi = require('moon_api');


var api = new MoonApi.DefaultApi()
var opts = {
  'filters': "moon.phase_name,moon.stage,moon_phases.full_moon.next", // {String} Filter data in the Advanced Moon API by specifying the desired fields using the `filters` parameter in the request. Include a comma-separated list of keys to retrieve customized data, allowing you to fetch specific moon phase information and related details.
  'xRapidapiKey': "{{Rapidapi-Key}}" // {String} 
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.getAdvancedMoonPhaseData(opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://moon-phase.p.rapidapi.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*MoonApi.DefaultApi* | [**getAdvancedMoonPhaseData**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getAdvancedMoonPhaseData) | **GET** /advanced | Get Advanced Moon Phase Data
*MoonApi.DefaultApi* | [**getBasicMoonPhaseData**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getBasicMoonPhaseData) | **GET** /basic | Get Basic Moon Phase Data
*MoonApi.DefaultApi* | [**getEmojiOfMoonPhase**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getEmojiOfMoonPhase) | **GET** /emoji | Get Emoji of Moon Phase
*MoonApi.DefaultApi* | [**getLunarCalendar**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getLunarCalendar) | **GET** /calendar | Get Lunar Calendar
*MoonApi.DefaultApi* | [**getPlainTextMoonPhaseData**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getPlainTextMoonPhaseData) | **GET** /plain-text | Get Plain Text Moon Phase Data


## Documentation for Models

 - [MoonApi.GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200Response](docs/GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200Response.md)
 - [MoonApi.GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoon](docs/GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoon.md)
 - [MoonApi.GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhases](docs/GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhases.md)
 - [MoonApi.GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesFirstQuarter](docs/GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesFirstQuarter.md)
 - [MoonApi.GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesFirstQuarterCurrent](docs/GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesFirstQuarterCurrent.md)
 - [MoonApi.GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesFirstQuarterNext](docs/GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesFirstQuarterNext.md)
 - [MoonApi.GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesFullMoon](docs/GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesFullMoon.md)
 - [MoonApi.GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesFullMoonCurrent](docs/GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesFullMoonCurrent.md)
 - [MoonApi.GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesFullMoonNext](docs/GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesFullMoonNext.md)
 - [MoonApi.GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesLastQuarter](docs/GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesLastQuarter.md)
 - [MoonApi.GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesLastQuarterCurrent](docs/GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesLastQuarterCurrent.md)
 - [MoonApi.GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesLastQuarterNext](docs/GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesLastQuarterNext.md)
 - [MoonApi.GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesNewMoon](docs/GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesNewMoon.md)
 - [MoonApi.GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesNewMoonCurrent](docs/GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesNewMoonCurrent.md)
 - [MoonApi.GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesNewMoonNext](docs/GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseMoonPhasesNewMoonNext.md)
 - [MoonApi.GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseSun](docs/GetAdvancedMoonPhaseData200ResponseSun.md)
 - [MoonApi.GetBasicMoonPhaseData200Response](docs/GetBasicMoonPhaseData200Response.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

