# bandsintown_api

BandsintownApi - JavaScript client for bandsintown_api
# What is the Bandsintown API?
The Bandsintown API is designed for artists and enterprises representing artists.

It offers read-only access to artist info and artist events:
- artist info: returns the link to the Bandsintown artist page, the link to the artist photo, the current number of trackers and more
- artist events: returns the list of events including their date and time, venue name and location, ticket links, lineup, description and the link to the Bandsintown event page

Note you can specify if you only want to return upcoming events, past events, all events, or events within a given date range.

# Getting Started
- In order to use the Bandsintown API, you must read and accept our Terms and Conditions below and you must have written consent from Bandsintown Inc. Any other use of the Bandsintown API is prohibited. [Contact Bandsintown](http://help.bandsintown.com/) to tell us what you plan to do and request your personal application ID.
- Find out about the API methods available and the format of the API responses below. Select the method you wish to use and try it out online with the app ID provided to you.
- Call our Bandsintown API with the app ID provided straight from your website or back-end platform and choose which element of the API response you wish to display. Scroll to the bottom of this page to find out about the Models used.

This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 3.0.0
- Package version: 3.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen
For more information, please visit [https://bandsintown.com/](https://bandsintown.com/)

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install bandsintown_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your bandsintown_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var BandsintownApi = require('bandsintown_api');


var api = new BandsintownApi.ArtistEventsApi()
var artistname = "artistname_example"; // {String} The name of the artist. If it contains one of the special characters below, please be sure to replace it by the corresponding code: for / use %252F, for ? use %253F, for * use %252A, and for \" use %27C
var appId = "appId_example"; // {String} The application ID assigned to you by Bandsintown
var opts = {
  'date': "date_example" // {String} Can be one of the following values: \"upcoming\", \"past\", \"all\", or a date range e.g. \"2015-05-05,2017-05-05\". If not specified, only upcoming shows are returned
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.artistEvents(artistname, appId, opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://rest.bandsintown.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*BandsintownApi.ArtistEventsApi* | [**artistEvents**](docs/ArtistEventsApi.md#artistEvents) | **GET** /artists/{artistname}/events | Get upcoming, past, or all artist events, or events within a date range
*BandsintownApi.ArtistInformationApi* | [**artist**](docs/ArtistInformationApi.md#artist) | **GET** /artists/{artistname} | Get artist information


## Documentation for Models

 - [BandsintownApi.ArtistData](docs/ArtistData.md)
 - [BandsintownApi.EventData](docs/EventData.md)
 - [BandsintownApi.OfferData](docs/OfferData.md)
 - [BandsintownApi.VenueData](docs/VenueData.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

