# TwilioMonitor.MonitorV1AlertInstance

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**accountSid** | **String** | The SID of the [Account](https://www.twilio.com/docs/iam/api/account) that created the Alert resource. | [optional] 
**alertText** | **String** | The text of the alert. | [optional] 
**apiVersion** | **String** | The API version used when the alert was generated.  Can be empty for events that don&#39;t have a specific API version. | [optional] 
**dateCreated** | **Date** | The date and time in GMT when the resource was created specified in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. | [optional] 
**dateGenerated** | **Date** | The date and time in GMT when the alert was generated specified in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#UTC) format.  Due to buffering, this can be different than &#x60;date_created&#x60;. | [optional] 
**dateUpdated** | **Date** | The date and time in GMT when the resource was last updated specified in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format. | [optional] 
**errorCode** | **String** | The error code for the condition that generated the alert. See the [Error Dictionary](https://www.twilio.com/docs/api/errors) for possible causes and solutions to the error. | [optional] 
**logLevel** | **String** | The log level.  Can be: &#x60;error&#x60;, &#x60;warning&#x60;, &#x60;notice&#x60;, or &#x60;debug&#x60;. | [optional] 
**moreInfo** | **String** | The URL of the page in our [Error Dictionary](https://www.twilio.com/docs/api/errors) with more information about the error condition. | [optional] 
**requestHeaders** | **String** | The request headers of the request that generated the alert. This value is only returned when a single Alert resource is fetched. | [optional] 
**requestMethod** | **String** | The method used by the request that generated the alert. If the alert was generated by a request we made to your server, this is the method we used. If the alert was generated by a request from your application to our API, this is the method your application used. | [optional] 
**requestUrl** | **String** | The URL of the request that generated the alert. If the alert was generated by a request we made to your server, this is the URL on your server that generated the alert. If the alert was generated by a request from your application to our API, this is the URL of the resource requested. | [optional] 
**requestVariables** | **String** | The variables passed in the request that generated the alert. This value is only returned when a single Alert resource is fetched. | [optional] 
**resourceSid** | **String** | The SID of the resource for which the alert was generated.  For instance, if your server failed to respond to an HTTP request during the flow of a particular call, this value would be the SID of the server.  This value is empty if the alert was not generated for a particular resource. | [optional] 
**responseBody** | **String** | The response body of the request that generated the alert. This value is only returned when a single Alert resource is fetched. | [optional] 
**responseHeaders** | **String** | The response headers of the request that generated the alert. This value is only returned when a single Alert resource is fetched. | [optional] 
**serviceSid** | **String** | The SID of the service or resource that generated the alert. Can be &#x60;null&#x60;. | [optional] 
**sid** | **String** | The unique string that we created to identify the Alert resource. | [optional] 
**url** | **String** | The absolute URL of the Alert resource. | [optional] 



## Enum: RequestMethodEnum


* `HEAD` (value: `"HEAD"`)

* `GET` (value: `"GET"`)

* `POST` (value: `"POST"`)

* `PATCH` (value: `"PATCH"`)

* `PUT` (value: `"PUT"`)

* `DELETE` (value: `"DELETE"`)




