# FirebaseManagementApi.DefaultResources

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**hostingSite** | **String** | Output only. **DEPRECATED.** _Instead, find the default Firebase Hosting site name using the [ListSites](https://firebase.google.com/docs/reference/hosting/rest/v1beta1/projects.sites/list) within the Firebase Hosting REST API. Note that the default site for the Project might not yet be provisioned, so the return might not contain a default site._ The default Firebase Hosting site name, in the format: PROJECT_ID Though rare, your &#x60;projectId&#x60; might already be used as the name for an existing Hosting site in another project (learn more about creating non-default, [additional sites](https://firebase.google.com/docs/hosting/multisites)). In these cases, your &#x60;projectId&#x60; is appended with a hyphen then five alphanumeric characters to create your default Hosting site name. For example, if your &#x60;projectId&#x60; is &#x60;myproject123&#x60;, your default Hosting site name might be: &#x60;myproject123-a5c16&#x60; | [optional] [readonly] 
**locationId** | **String** | Output only. **DEPRECATED.** _Instead, use product-specific REST APIs to find the location of resources._ The ID of the Project&#39;s default GCP resource location. The location is one of the available [GCP resource locations](https://firebase.google.com/docs/projects/locations). This field is omitted if the default GCP resource location has not been finalized yet. To set a Project&#39;s default GCP resource location, call [&#x60;FinalizeDefaultLocation&#x60;](../projects.defaultLocation/finalize) after you add Firebase resources to the Project. | [optional] [readonly] 
**realtimeDatabaseInstance** | **String** | Output only. **DEPRECATED.** _Instead, find the default Firebase Realtime Database instance name using the [list endpoint](https://firebase.google.com/docs/reference/rest/database/database-management/rest/v1beta/projects.locations.instances/list) within the Firebase Realtime Database REST API. Note that the default instance for the Project might not yet be provisioned, so the return might not contain a default instance._ The default Firebase Realtime Database instance name, in the format: PROJECT_ID Though rare, your &#x60;projectId&#x60; might already be used as the name for an existing Realtime Database instance in another project (learn more about [database sharding](https://firebase.google.com/docs/database/usage/sharding)). In these cases, your &#x60;projectId&#x60; is appended with a hyphen then five alphanumeric characters to create your default Realtime Database instance name. For example, if your &#x60;projectId&#x60; is &#x60;myproject123&#x60;, your default database instance name might be: &#x60;myproject123-a5c16&#x60; | [optional] [readonly] 
**storageBucket** | **String** | Output only. **DEPRECATED.** _Instead, find the default Cloud Storage for Firebase bucket using the [list endpoint](https://firebase.google.com/docs/reference/rest/storage/rest/v1beta/projects.buckets/list) within the Cloud Storage for Firebase REST API. Note that the default bucket for the Project might not yet be provisioned, so the return might not contain a default bucket._ The default Cloud Storage for Firebase storage bucket, in the format: PROJECT_ID.appspot.com | [optional] [readonly] 


