# C++ Qt API client

# 

1,000,000+ Recipe and Grocery List API (v2)

- API version: partner
- Generator version: 7.9.0

#Documentation

This is the documentation for the partner endpoint of the BigOven Recipe and Grocery List API.

The update brings with it Swagger-based documentation. [Swagger](http://swagger.io) is an emerging standard for describing REST-based APIs, and with this Swagger-compliant endpoint (above), you can make ready-to-go interface libraries for your code via [swagger-codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen). For instance, it's easy to generate libraries for Node.js, Java, Ruby, ASP.NET MVC, jQuery, php and more!

You can also try out the endpoint calls with your own api_key right here on this page. Be sure to enter your api_key above to use the \"Try it out!\" buttons on this page.

##Start Here

Developers new to the BigOven API should start with this version, not with the legacy API. We'll be making improvements to this API over time, and doing only bug fixes on the v1 API.



To pretend you're a BigOven user (for instance, to get your recently viewed recipes or your grocery list), you need to pass in Basic Authentication information in the header, just as with the v1 API. We do now require that you make all calls via https. You need to pass your api_key in with every call, though this can now be done on the header (send a request header \"X-BigOven-API-Key\" set to your api_key value, e.g., Request[\"X-BigOven-API-Key\"]=\"your-key-here\".)

##Migration Notes

For existing partners, we encourage you to [migrate](https://api2.bigoven.com), and while at this writing we have no hard-and-fast termination date for the v1 API, we strongly prefer that you migrate by January 1, 2017. While the changes aren't overly complex, there are several breaking changes, including refactoring of recipe search and results and removal of support for XML. This is not a simply plug-and-play replacement to the v1 API. With respect to an exclusive focus on JSON, the world has spoken, and it prefers JSON for REST-based API's. We've taken numerous steps to refactor the API to make it more REST-compliant. Note that this v2 API will be the preferred API from this point onward, so we encourage developers to migrate to this new format. We have put together some [migration notes](/web/documentation/migration-to-v2) that we encourage you to read carefully.

##Photos

See our [photos documentation](https://api2.bigoven.com/web/documentation/recipe-images). 

For more information on usage of this API, including features, pricing, rate limits, terms and conditions, please visit the [BigOven API website](https://api2.bigoven.com).


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAICollectionApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
    QString create();
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAICollectionApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

QString Example::create(){
    QString obj;
 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAICollectionApi apiInstance;
     
      QEventLoop loop;
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAICollectionApi::collectionCollectionsSignal, [&]() {
          loop.quit();
      });
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAICollectionApi::collectionCollectionsSignalE, [&](QNetworkReply::NetworkError, QString error_str) {
          qDebug() << "Error happened while issuing request : " << error_str;
          loop.quit();
      });

      QString test = create(); // QString | 
      apiInstance.collectionCollections(test);
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### api_key


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: X-BigOven-API-Key
- **Location**: HTTP header

### basic


- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication


## Author




## License

 for more information visit []()