# C++ Qt API client

# 

Avaza API Documentation

- API version: v1
- Generator version: 7.9.0

Welcome to the autogenerated documentation & test tool for Avaza's API. <br/><br/><strong>API Security & Authentication</strong><br/>Authentication options include OAuth2 Implicit and Authorization Code flows, and Personal Access Token. All connections should be encrypted over SSL/TLS <br/><br/>You can set up and manage your api authentication credentials from within your Avaza account. (requires Administrator permissions on your Avaza account).<br/><br/> OAuth2 Authorization endpoint: https://any.avaza.com/oauth2/authorize  <br/>OAuth2 Token endpoint: https://any.avaza.com/oauth2/token<br/>Base URL for subsequent API Requests: https://api.avaza.com/ <br/><br/>Blogpost about authenticating with Avaza's API:  https://www.avaza.com/avaza-api-oauth2-authentication/ <br/>Blogpost on using Avaza's webhooks: https://www.avaza.com/avaza-api-webhook-notifications/<br/>The OAuth flow currently issues Access Tokens that last 1 day, and Refresh tokens that last 180 days<br/>The Api respects the security Roles assigned to the authenticating Avaza user and filters the data return appropriately. <br/><br><strong>Support</strong><br/>For API Support, and to request access please contact Avaza Support Team via our support chat. <br/><br/><strong>User Contributed Libraries:</strong><br/>Graciously contributed by 3rd party users like you. <br/>Note these are not tested or endorsesd by Avaza. We encourage you to review before use, and use at own risk.<br/> <ul><li> - <a target='blank' href='https://packagist.org/packages/debiprasad/oauth2-avaza'>PHP OAuth Client Package for Azava API (by Debiprasad Sahoo)</a></li></ul>


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIAccountApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIAccountApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIAccountApi apiInstance;
     
      //OAuth Authentication supported right now
      apiInstance.accountGet();
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### oauth2


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: implicit
- **Authorization URL**: https://any.avaza.com/oauth2/authorize
- **Scopes**: 
  - read_account: Read access to Account metadata
  - read_contacts: Read access to Customers, Contacts
  - read_expenses: Read access to Expense Details
  - read_financials: Read access to Estimates, Invoices, Payments, Credit Notes
  - read_projects: Read access to Projects, Project Settings, Tasks
  - read_schedule: Read access to Schedule Details
  - read_timesheets: Read access to Timesheet Details
  - read_users: Read access to User Profiles
  - webhook_notifications: Read access to webhook notification events
  - write_account: Write access to Account metadata
  - write_contacts: Write access to Customers, Contacts
  - write_expenses: Write access to Expense module
  - write_financials: Write access to Estimates, Invoices, Payments, Credit Notes
  - write_projects: Write access to Projects, Project Settings, Tasks
  - write_schedule: Write access to Schedule module
  - write_timesheets: Write access to Timesheets module
  - write_users: Write access to User Profiles


## Author




## License

 for more information visit []()