# WebSecurityScannerApi.Finding

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**body** | **String** | Output only. The body of the request that triggered the vulnerability. | [optional] 
**description** | **String** | Output only. The description of the vulnerability. | [optional] 
**finalUrl** | **String** | Output only. The URL where the browser lands when the vulnerability is detected. | [optional] 
**findingType** | **String** | Output only. The type of the Finding. Detailed and up-to-date information on findings can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/security-command-center/docs/how-to-remediate-web-security-scanner-findings | [optional] 
**form** | [**Form**](Form.md) |  | [optional] 
**frameUrl** | **String** | Output only. If the vulnerability was originated from nested IFrame, the immediate parent IFrame is reported. | [optional] 
**fuzzedUrl** | **String** | Output only. The URL produced by the server-side fuzzer and used in the request that triggered the vulnerability. | [optional] 
**httpMethod** | **String** | Output only. The http method of the request that triggered the vulnerability, in uppercase. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | Output only. The resource name of the Finding. The name follows the format of &#39;projects/{projectId}/scanConfigs/{scanConfigId}/scanruns/{scanRunId}/findings/{findingId}&#39;. The finding IDs are generated by the system. | [optional] 
**outdatedLibrary** | [**OutdatedLibrary**](OutdatedLibrary.md) |  | [optional] 
**reproductionUrl** | **String** | Output only. The URL containing human-readable payload that user can leverage to reproduce the vulnerability. | [optional] 
**severity** | **String** | Output only. The severity level of the reported vulnerability. | [optional] [readonly] 
**trackingId** | **String** | Output only. The tracking ID uniquely identifies a vulnerability instance across multiple ScanRuns. | [optional] 
**violatingResource** | [**ViolatingResource**](ViolatingResource.md) |  | [optional] 
**vulnerableHeaders** | [**VulnerableHeaders**](VulnerableHeaders.md) |  | [optional] 
**vulnerableParameters** | [**VulnerableParameters**](VulnerableParameters.md) |  | [optional] 
**xss** | [**Xss**](Xss.md) |  | [optional] 
**xxe** | [**Xxe**](Xxe.md) |  | [optional] 



## Enum: SeverityEnum


* `SEVERITY_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"SEVERITY_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `CRITICAL` (value: `"CRITICAL"`)

* `HIGH` (value: `"HIGH"`)

* `MEDIUM` (value: `"MEDIUM"`)

* `LOW` (value: `"LOW"`)




