# departureboard_io_api

DepartureboardIoApi - JavaScript client for departureboard_io_api
The departureboard.io is a high performance API written in Golang. Its goal is to provide to main functions:<br><br> (1): A JSON API interface to the legacy National Rail SOAP API: Giving developers the ability to pull live information on departures, arrivals, and services from National Rail, without having to use the legacy SOAP API provided by National Rail. Information is still pulled directly from National Rail in the background, providing the same level of real-time data without the additional complexity of having to interact with SOAP. <br><br>(2): A JSON API interface for additional National Rail information: Giving developers the ability to pull a range of information about the Rail Network, via a JSON API interface. This is not an offering that National Rail currently provide, and is custom developed. Data is sourced from periodically updated XML documents, parsed, and provided for consumption via the departureboard.io API.<br><br>This API is completely free to use for non-commercial purposes. You can explore the various sections of the documentation using the links below.<br><br> For more information please see <a href=\"https://api.departureboard.io\">https://api.departureboard.io</a>
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 2.0
- Package version: 2.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install departureboard_io_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your departureboard_io_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var DepartureboardIoApi = require('departureboard_io_api');


var api = new DepartureboardIoApi.DeparturesArrivalsApi()
var CRS = "CRS_example"; // {String} The CRS (Computer Reservation System) for the Station you wish to get departure and arrival information for, e.g. KGX for London Kings Cross.
var apiKey = "apiKey_example"; // {String} The National Rail OpenLDBWS API Key to use for looking up service information. You must register with National Rail to obtain this key and whitelist it with us. See https://api.departureboard.io/docs/registration for more information.
var opts = {
  'numServices': 10, // {Number} The number of arriving and departing services to return. This is a maximum value, less may be returned if there is not a sufficient amount of services arriving to or departing from this station within the time window specified.
  'timeOffset': 0, // {Number} The time window in minutes to offset the arrival and departure information by. For example, a value of 20 will not show services arriving to or departing from the station within the next 20 minutes.
  'timeWindow': 120, // {Number} The time window in minutes to offset the arrival and departure information by. For example, a value of 20 will not show services arriving to or departing from the selected station within the next 20 minutes.
  'serviceDetails': true, // {Boolean} Should the response contain information on the calling points for each service? If set to false, calling points will not be returned.
  'filterStation': "filterStation_example", // {String} The CRS (Computer Reservation System) code to filter the results by. When setting this you must also set the filterType parameter. For example, performing a lookup for PAD (London Paddington) and setting filterStation to RED (Reading) and filterType to from, will only show services arriving to London Paddington that stopped at Reading. Setting a filter for getArrivalsAndDeparturesByCRS is similar to performing a getArrivalsByCRS or getDeparturesByCRS lookup, with the appropriate filterStation parameter. However using the getArrivalsAndDeparturesByCRS endpoint shows more details for each of the returned services.
  'filterType': "filterType_example" // {String} Determines if the filterStation parameter should be applied for services arriving to, or leaving from the selected station. Required if filterStation is set.
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully.');
  }
};
api.getArrivalsAndDeparturesByCRS(CRS, apiKey, opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.departureboard.io/api/v2.0*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DepartureboardIoApi.DeparturesArrivalsApi* | [**getArrivalsAndDeparturesByCRS**](docs/DeparturesArrivalsApi.md#getArrivalsAndDeparturesByCRS) | **GET** /getArrivalsAndDeparturesByCRS/{CRS} | getArrivalsAndDeparturesByCRS is used to get a list of services arriving to and departing from a UK train station by the CRS (Computer Reservation System) code. This will typically return a list of train services, but will also return any replacement bus or ferry services that are in place.
*DepartureboardIoApi.DeparturesArrivalsApi* | [**getArrivalsByCRS**](docs/DeparturesArrivalsApi.md#getArrivalsByCRS) | **GET** /getArrivalsByCRS/{CRS} | getArrivalsByCRS is used to get a list of services arriving to a UK train station by the CRS (Computer Reservation System) code. This will typically return a list of train services, but will also return any replacement bus or ferry services that are in place.
*DepartureboardIoApi.DeparturesArrivalsApi* | [**getDeparturesByCRS**](docs/DeparturesArrivalsApi.md#getDeparturesByCRS) | **GET** /getDeparturesByCRS/{CRS} | getDeparturesByCRS is used to get a list of services departing from a UK train station by the CRS (Computer Reservation System) code. This will typically return a list of train services, but will also return any replacement bus or ferry services that are in place.
*DepartureboardIoApi.FastestAndNextDeparturesApi* | [**getFastestDeparturesByCRS**](docs/FastestAndNextDeparturesApi.md#getFastestDeparturesByCRS) | **GET** /getFastestDeparturesByCRS/{CRS} | getFastestDeparturesByCRS is used to get the fastest next service running between two stations. Multiple destinations can be specified. This will typically return a single train service, but will also return a replacement bus or ferry service if in place.
*DepartureboardIoApi.FastestAndNextDeparturesApi* | [**getNextDeparturesByCRS**](docs/FastestAndNextDeparturesApi.md#getNextDeparturesByCRS) | **GET** /getNextDeparturesByCRS/{CRS} | getNextDeparturesByCRS is used to get the next service running between two stations. Multiple destinations can be specified. This will typically return a single train service, but will also return a replacement bus or ferry service if in place. This will return the next departures for each of the filterList stations specified. It may not return the fastest next service. To get the fastest next service use the getFastestDeparturesByCRS endpoint.
*DepartureboardIoApi.ServiceInformationApi* | [**getServiceDetailsByID**](docs/ServiceInformationApi.md#getServiceDetailsByID) | **GET** /getServiceDetailsByID/{serviceID} | getServiceDetailsByID is used to get information on a service, by the Service ID. This will typically return a train service, but will also return a bus and ferry services. The Service ID must be provided in the serviceIDUrlSafe format that is provided in the response for Arrival and Departure Boards. A service ID is specific to a station, and can only be looked up for a short time after a train/bus/ferry arrives at, or departs from a station. This is a National Rail limitation.


## Documentation for Models



## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

