# bulk_sms_json_rest_api

BulkSmsJsonRestApi - JavaScript client for bulk_sms_json_rest_api
## Overview

The JSON REST API allows you to submit and receive [BulkSMS](https://www.bulksms.com/) messages. You can also get access to past messages and see your account profile.

The base URL to use for this service is `https://api.bulksms.com/v1`.  The base URL cannot be used on its own; you must append a path that identifies an operation and you may have to specify some path parameters as well.

[Click here](/developer/) to go to the main BulkSMS developer site.

In order to give you an idea on how the API can be used, some JSON snippets are provided below.  Have a look at the [messages section](#tag/Message) for more information.

Probably the most simple example

```
{
    \"to\": \"+27001234567\",
    \"body\": \"Hello World!\"
}
```


You can send unicode automatically using the `auto-unicode` query parameter. 
Alternatively, you can specify `UNICODE` for the `encoding` property in the request body. 
Please note: when `auto-unicode` is specified and the value of the `encoding` property is `UNICODE`, the message will always be sent as `UNICODE`.

Here is an example that sets the `encoding` explicitly

```
{
  \"to\": \"+27001234567\",
  \"body\": \"Dobr치 pr치ce! Jak se m치코?\",
  \"encoding\": \"UNICODE\"
}
```

You can also specify a from number

```
{
    \"from\": \"+27007654321\",
    \"to\": \"+27001234567\",
    \"body\": \"Hello World!\"
}
```

Similar to above, but repliable

```
{
    \"from\": { \"type\": \"REPLIABLE\" },
    \"to\": \"+27001234567\",
    \"body\": \"Hello World!\"
}
```

A message to a group called Everyone

```
{
    \"to\": { \"type\": \"GROUP\", \"name\": \"Everyone\" },
    \"body\": \"Hello World!\"
}
```

A message to multiple recipients

```
{
    \"to\": [\"+27001234567\", \"+27002345678\", \"+27003456789\"],
    \"body\": \"Happy Holidays!\"
}
```

Sending more than one message in the same request

```
[
    {
        \"to\": \"+27001234567\",
        \"body\": \"Hello World!\"
    },
    {
        \"to\": \"+27002345678\",
        \"body\": \"Hello Universe!\"
    }
]
```

**The insecure base URL `http://api.bulksms.com/v1` is deprecated** and may in future result in a `301` redirect response, or insecure requests may be rejected outright. Please use the secure (`https`) URI above.

### HTTP Content Type

All API methods expect requests to supply a `Content-Type` header with the value `application/json`. All responses will have the `Content-Type` header set to `application/json`.

### JSON Formatting

You are advised to format your JSON resources according to strict JSON format rules. While the API does attempt to parse strictly invalid JSON documents, doing so may lead to incorrect interpretation and unexpected results.

Good JSON libraries will produce valid JSON suitable for submission, but if you are manually generating the JSON text, be careful to follow the JSON format. This include correct escaping of control characters and double quoting of property names.

See the [JSON specification](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4627) for further information.

### Date Formatting

Dates are formatted according to ISO-8601, such as `1970-01-01T10:00:00+01:00` for 1st January 1970, 10AM UTC+1.

See the [Wikipedia ISO 8601 reference](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) for further information.

Specifically, calendar dates are formatted with the 'extended' format `YYYY-MM-DD`. Basic format, week dates and ordinal dates are not supported. Times are also formatted in the 'extended' format `hh:mm:ss`. Hours, minutes and seconds are mandatory. Offset from UTC must be provided; this is to ensure that there is no misunderstanding regarding times provided to the API.

The format we look for is `yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ss[Z|[+-]hh:mm]`

Examples of valid date/times are`2011-12-31T12:00:00Z` `2011-12-31T12:00:00+02:00`

### Entity Format Modifications

It is expected that over time some changes will be made to the request and response formats of various methods available in the API.
Where possible, these will be implemented in a backwards compatible way.
To make this possible you are required to ignore unknown properties.
This enables the addition of information in response documents while maintaining compatibility with older clients.

### Optional Request Entity Properties

There are many instances where requests can be made without having to specify every single property allowable in the request format.
Any such optional properties are noted as such in the documentation and their default value is noted.

This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install bulk_sms_json_rest_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your bulk_sms_json_rest_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var BulkSmsJsonRestApi = require('bulk_sms_json_rest_api');

var defaultClient = BulkSmsJsonRestApi.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure HTTP basic authorization: basicAuth
var basicAuth = defaultClient.authentications['basicAuth'];
basicAuth.username = 'YOUR USERNAME'
basicAuth.password = 'YOUR PASSWORD'

var api = new BulkSmsJsonRestApi.AttachmentsApi()
var preSignRequest = new BulkSmsJsonRestApi.PreSignRequest(); // {PreSignRequest} Describes the file to upload
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.rmmPreSignAttachmentPost(preSignRequest, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.bulksms.com/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*BulkSmsJsonRestApi.AttachmentsApi* | [**rmmPreSignAttachmentPost**](docs/AttachmentsApi.md#rmmPreSignAttachmentPost) | **POST** /rmm/pre-sign-attachment | Upload an attachment via a signed URL
*BulkSmsJsonRestApi.BlockedNumbersApi* | [**blockedNumbersGet**](docs/BlockedNumbersApi.md#blockedNumbersGet) | **GET** /blocked-numbers | List blocked numbers
*BulkSmsJsonRestApi.BlockedNumbersApi* | [**blockedNumbersPost**](docs/BlockedNumbersApi.md#blockedNumbersPost) | **POST** /blocked-numbers | Create a blocked number
*BulkSmsJsonRestApi.CreditsApi* | [**creditTransferPost**](docs/CreditsApi.md#creditTransferPost) | **POST** /credit/transfer | Transfer credits to another account
*BulkSmsJsonRestApi.MessageApi* | [**messagesGet**](docs/MessageApi.md#messagesGet) | **GET** /messages | Retrieve Messages
*BulkSmsJsonRestApi.MessageApi* | [**messagesIdGet**](docs/MessageApi.md#messagesIdGet) | **GET** /messages/{id} | Show Message
*BulkSmsJsonRestApi.MessageApi* | [**messagesIdRelatedReceivedMessagesGet**](docs/MessageApi.md#messagesIdRelatedReceivedMessagesGet) | **GET** /messages/{id}/relatedReceivedMessages | List Related Messages
*BulkSmsJsonRestApi.MessageApi* | [**messagesPost**](docs/MessageApi.md#messagesPost) | **POST** /messages | Send Messages
*BulkSmsJsonRestApi.MessageApi* | [**messagesSendGet**](docs/MessageApi.md#messagesSendGet) | **GET** /messages/send | Send message by simple GET or POST
*BulkSmsJsonRestApi.ProfileApi* | [**profileGet**](docs/ProfileApi.md#profileGet) | **GET** /profile | Get profile
*BulkSmsJsonRestApi.WebhooksApi* | [**webhooksGet**](docs/WebhooksApi.md#webhooksGet) | **GET** /webhooks | List webhooks
*BulkSmsJsonRestApi.WebhooksApi* | [**webhooksIdDelete**](docs/WebhooksApi.md#webhooksIdDelete) | **DELETE** /webhooks/{id} | Delete a webhook
*BulkSmsJsonRestApi.WebhooksApi* | [**webhooksIdGet**](docs/WebhooksApi.md#webhooksIdGet) | **GET** /webhooks/{id} | Read a webhook
*BulkSmsJsonRestApi.WebhooksApi* | [**webhooksIdPost**](docs/WebhooksApi.md#webhooksIdPost) | **POST** /webhooks/{id} | Update a webhook
*BulkSmsJsonRestApi.WebhooksApi* | [**webhooksPost**](docs/WebhooksApi.md#webhooksPost) | **POST** /webhooks | Create a webhook


## Documentation for Models

 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.BlockedNumber](docs/BlockedNumber.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.Message](docs/Message.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.MessageStatus](docs/MessageStatus.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.MessageSubmission](docs/MessageSubmission.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.PreSignInfo](docs/PreSignInfo.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.PreSignInfoFieldsInner](docs/PreSignInfoFieldsInner.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.PreSignRequest](docs/PreSignRequest.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.Profile](docs/Profile.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.ProfileCommerce](docs/ProfileCommerce.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.ProfileCommerceAddress](docs/ProfileCommerceAddress.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.ProfileCompany](docs/ProfileCompany.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.ProfileCredits](docs/ProfileCredits.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.ProfileOriginAddresses](docs/ProfileOriginAddresses.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.ProfileQuota](docs/ProfileQuota.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.SubmissionEntry](docs/SubmissionEntry.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.SubmissionEntryFrom](docs/SubmissionEntryFrom.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.SubmissionEntryToInner](docs/SubmissionEntryToInner.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.TransferEntry](docs/TransferEntry.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.Webhook](docs/Webhook.md)
 - [BulkSmsJsonRestApi.WebhookEntry](docs/WebhookEntry.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### basicAuth

- **Type**: HTTP basic authentication

