# PosApi.PosPayment

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**amount** | **Number** |  | 
**appFee** | **Number** | The amount the developer is taking as a fee for facilitating the payment on behalf of the seller. | [optional] 
**approved** | **Number** | The initial amount of money approved for this payment. | [optional] 
**bankAccount** | [**PosBankAccount**](PosBankAccount.md) |  | [optional] 
**cardDetails** | [**PosPaymentCardDetails**](PosPaymentCardDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**cash** | [**CashDetails**](CashDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**changeBackCashAmount** | **Number** |  | [optional] 
**createdAt** | **Date** | The date and time when the object was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**createdBy** | **String** | The user who created the object. | [optional] [readonly] 
**currency** | [**Currency**](Currency.md) |  | 
**customMappings** | **Object** | When custom mappings are configured on the resource, the result is included here. | [optional] 
**customerId** | **String** |  | 
**deviceId** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**employeeId** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**externalDetails** | [**PosPaymentExternalDetails**](PosPaymentExternalDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**externalPaymentId** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**id** | **String** | A unique identifier for an object. | [optional] [readonly] 
**idempotencyKey** | **String** | A value you specify that uniquely identifies this request among requests you have sent. | [optional] 
**locationId** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**merchantId** | **String** |  | [optional] 
**orderId** | **String** |  | 
**processingFees** | [**[PosPaymentProcessingFeesInner]**](PosPaymentProcessingFeesInner.md) |  | [optional] 
**refunded** | **Number** | The initial amount of money approved for this payment. | [optional] 
**serviceCharges** | [**[ServiceCharge]**](ServiceCharge.md) | Optional service charges or gratuity tip applied to the order. | [optional] 
**source** | **String** | Source of this payment. | [optional] 
**sourceId** | **String** | The ID for the source of funds for this payment. Square-only: This can be a payment token (card nonce) generated by the payment form or a card on file made linked to the customer. if recording a payment that the seller received outside of Square, specify either &#x60;CASH&#x60; or &#x60;EXTERNAL&#x60;. | 
**status** | **String** | Status of this payment. | [optional] 
**tax** | **Number** |  | [optional] 
**tenderId** | **String** |  | 
**tip** | **Number** |  | [optional] 
**total** | **Number** |  | [optional] 
**updatedAt** | **Date** | The date and time when the object was last updated. | [optional] [readonly] 
**updatedBy** | **String** | The user who last updated the object. | [optional] [readonly] 
**wallet** | [**WalletDetails**](WalletDetails.md) |  | [optional] 



## Enum: SourceEnum


* `card` (value: `"card"`)

* `bank_account` (value: `"bank_account"`)

* `wallet` (value: `"wallet"`)

* `bnpl` (value: `"bnpl"`)

* `cash` (value: `"cash"`)

* `external` (value: `"external"`)

* `other` (value: `"other"`)





## Enum: StatusEnum


* `approved` (value: `"approved"`)

* `pending` (value: `"pending"`)

* `completed` (value: `"completed"`)

* `canceled` (value: `"canceled"`)

* `failed` (value: `"failed"`)

* `other` (value: `"other"`)




