# bulk_data_storage_system_services

BulkDataStorageSystemServices - JavaScript client for bulk_data_storage_system_services
Bulk Data Storage System (BDSS) allows the public to discover, search, and download patent and trademark data in bulk form.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install bulk_data_storage_system_services --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your bulk_data_storage_system_services from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var BulkDataStorageSystemServices = require('bulk_data_storage_system_services');


var api = new BulkDataStorageSystemServices.ProductsApi()
var shortName = "shortName_example"; // {String} Short name of the product, for example, \"PTGRSP\"
var opts = {
  'year': 56, // {Number} Year of the product files  needed, for example, 2001.
  'hierarchy': "'false'" // {String} Boolean flag (possible values: true and false) to indicate if product hierarchy needs to be return in the response. By default it doesn't return the hierarchy in the response.
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully.');
  }
};
api.getLatestProductFilesByProductIdAndTime(shortName, opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost/BDSS-API*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*BulkDataStorageSystemServices.ProductsApi* | [**getLatestProductFilesByProductIdAndTime**](docs/ProductsApi.md#getLatestProductFilesByProductIdAndTime) | **GET** /products/{shortName}/latest | Returns products along with their latest files by short names.
*BulkDataStorageSystemServices.ProductsApi* | [**getPopulartProducts**](docs/ProductsApi.md#getPopulartProducts) | **GET** /products/popular | Returns popular products along with latest files.
*BulkDataStorageSystemServices.ProductsApi* | [**getProductSubTree**](docs/ProductsApi.md#getProductSubTree) | **GET** /products/tree/{shortName} | Returns products&#39; hierarchical subtree.
*BulkDataStorageSystemServices.ProductsApi* | [**getProductsByName**](docs/ProductsApi.md#getProductsByName) | **GET** /products/byname/{productName} | Returns files associated with products (of level PRODUCT) based on their full or partial names.
*BulkDataStorageSystemServices.ProductsApi* | [**getProductsByShortName**](docs/ProductsApi.md#getProductsByShortName) | **GET** /products/{shortName} | Returns products along with their associated files by short names.
*BulkDataStorageSystemServices.ProductsApi* | [**getProductsTree**](docs/ProductsApi.md#getProductsTree) | **GET** /products/tree | Returns products&#39; hierarchical tree.
*BulkDataStorageSystemServices.ProductsApi* | [**getProductsWithLatestProductFiles**](docs/ProductsApi.md#getProductsWithLatestProductFiles) | **GET** /products/all/latest | Returns all products with Latest Files.


## Documentation for Models

 - [BulkDataStorageSystemServices.ProductFileModel](docs/ProductFileModel.md)
 - [BulkDataStorageSystemServices.ProductModel](docs/ProductModel.md)
 - [BulkDataStorageSystemServices.ProductModelShort](docs/ProductModelShort.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

