# C++ Qt API client

# 



- API version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0

<strong>GoDaddy Abuse API Terms of Use:</strong><p>GoDaddy’s Abuse API is provided to simplify and standardize the abuse reporting experience. To help us streamline the review of abuse reports, you acknowledge and agree that your use of GoDaddy’s Abuse API is subject to the following quality metrics and terms of use.</p><p>GoDaddy may, in its sole and absolute discretion, change or modify these terms, and such changes or modifications shall be effective immediately upon notice to you. Your use of GoDaddy’s Abuse API after such changes or modifications shall constitute your acceptance of these terms as last revised. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms as last revised, do not use (or continue to use) our Abuse API.</p><p>As an Abuse API user, you must only submit abuse reports via the API portal and cease all email submissions, including but not limited, to phishing@godaddy.com, netabuse@godaddy.com, malware@godaddy.com, or spam@godaddy.com, etc.  Any additional or duplicate submission outside of the API portal will be deprioritized for review. Submissions related to trademark, copyright or content issues may still be sent to trademarkclaims@godaddy.com, coyprightclaims@godaddy.com, and contentcomplaints@godaddy.com, respectively. Our [Front of Site](https://supportcenter.godaddy.com/AbuseReport) also describes other scenarios not covered by the API.</p><p>When you submit abuse reports via GoDaddy’s Abuse API, you must ensure that you accurately categorize the abuse type of each report to match our definitions in the API documentations provided to you. Any submission that fails to match our definitions or is miscategorized will be marked as a false positive. Examples include, but are not limited to, submissions of trademark complaints marked as phishing or malware, or submissions of copyright complaints marked as phishing or malware, etc.</p><p>If, at any time, the false positive rate of submissions exceeds 40% of your total submissions, as determined by GoDaddy, GoDaddy may in its sole discretion deprioritize any subsequent reports submitted by you and/or your organization.</p><p>You acknowledge and agree that submitting every URL for a single domain is not necessary and will not expedite the review process. If your submissions exceed five (5) URLs for a single domain, your report will be marked as a duplicate submission taking into account that the final outcome of such submissions would yield the same result as the original report. GoDaddy may in its sole discretion deprioritize reports submitted by you and/or your organization in the event more than 20% of your submissions are classified as duplicate submissions.</p><p>You further acknowledge and agree that our Customer Support lines are not intended to address abuse reporting matters or your use of GoDaddy’s Abuse API. Contacting Customer Support will not expedite the review process and may result in abuse reports being deprioritized, to be determined in our sole discretion.</p><p>Should you have any questions about GoDaddy’s Abuse API or any of the terms and conditions set forth above, please contact abuseapisupport@godaddy.com.</p>


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIV1Api.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
    OAIAbuseTicketCreate create();
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIV1Api.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

OAIAbuseTicketCreate Example::create(){
    OAIAbuseTicketCreate obj;
 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIV1Api apiInstance;
     
      QEventLoop loop;
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIV1Api::createTicketSignal, [&]() {
          loop.quit();
      });
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIV1Api::createTicketSignalE, [&](QNetworkReply::NetworkError, QString error_str) {
          qDebug() << "Error happened while issuing request : " << error_str;
          loop.quit();
      });

      OAIAbuseTicketCreate oai_abuse_ticket_create = create(); // OAIAbuseTicketCreate | The endpoint which allows the Reporter to create a new abuse ticket
      apiInstance.createTicket(oai_abuse_ticket_create);
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
Authentication schemes defined for the API:

## Author




## License

 for more information visit []()