# AgcoApi.ContentSubmissionSharedBusinessEntitiesContentSubmission

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**attributes** | [**[ContentSubmissionSharedBusinessEntitiesContentSubmissionAttribute]**](ContentSubmissionSharedBusinessEntitiesContentSubmissionAttribute.md) | Attributes of this ContentSubmission | [optional] 
**buildID** | **Number** | ReadOnly. The ID of the Azure DevOps Build which will build the content package. | [optional] 
**contentDefinitionID** | **Number** | The ID of the Content Definition. | [optional] 
**contentSubmissionID** | **Number** | The ID of this Content Submission. | [optional] 
**definition** | [**ContentSubmissionSharedBusinessEntitiesContentDefinition**](ContentSubmissionSharedBusinessEntitiesContentDefinition.md) |  | [optional] 
**jobRunID** | **Number** | ReadOnly. The ID of the JobRun which will build the content package. | [optional] 
**packageID** | **String** | The ID of package generated by this content submission. | [optional] 
**releaseNotes** | **String** | Release Notes for this ContentSubmission | [optional] 
**repository** | **String** | The SVN repository used as the source of this content submission | [optional] 
**revision** | **Number** | The SVN revision used as the source of this content submission. | [optional] 
**submissionDate** | **Date** | Read Only. The UTC date and time the content submission was made. | [optional] 
**userID** | **Number** | Read Only. The ID of the user who submitted the content | [optional] 
**version** | **Number** | Optional.  The version number assigned to this Content Submission and the resulting Package.              If not provided, version shall be 1 if it is the first content submission for the               ContentDefinitionID otherwise it shall be the highest content submission version for the              specified ContentDefinitionID incremented by 1. | [optional] 


