# batch_service

BatchService - JavaScript client for batch_service
A client for issuing REST requests to the Azure Batch service.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 2019-06-01.9.0
- Package version: 2019-06-01.9.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install batch_service --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your batch_service from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var BatchService = require('batch_service');

var defaultClient = BatchService.ApiClient.instance;
// Configure API key authorization: api_key
var api_key = defaultClient.authentications['api_key'];
api_key.apiKey = "YOUR API KEY"
// Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
//api_key.apiKeyPrefix['Authorization'] = "Token"
// Configure OAuth2 access token for authorization: azure_auth
var azure_auth = defaultClient.authentications['azure_auth'];
azure_auth.accessToken = "YOUR ACCESS TOKEN"

var api = new BatchService.AccountsApi()
var apiVersion = "apiVersion_example"; // {String} Client API Version.
var opts = {
  'filter': "filter_example", // {String} An OData $filter clause. For more information on constructing this filter, see https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/batchservice/odata-filters-in-batch.
  'maxresults': 10, // {Number} The maximum number of items to return in the response.
  'timeout': 30, // {Number} The maximum time that the server can spend processing the request, in seconds. The default is 30 seconds.
  'clientRequestId': "clientRequestId_example", // {String} The caller-generated request identity, in the form of a GUID with no decoration such as curly braces, e.g. 9C4D50EE-2D56-4CD3-8152-34347DC9F2B0.
  'returnClientRequestId': false, // {Boolean} Whether the server should return the client-request-id in the response.
  'ocpDate': "ocpDate_example" // {String} The time the request was issued. Client libraries typically set this to the current system clock time; set it explicitly if you are calling the REST API directly.
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.accountListPoolNodeCounts(apiVersion, opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://azure.local*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*BatchService.AccountsApi* | [**accountListPoolNodeCounts**](docs/AccountsApi.md#accountListPoolNodeCounts) | **GET** /nodecounts | 
*BatchService.AccountsApi* | [**accountListSupportedImages**](docs/AccountsApi.md#accountListSupportedImages) | **GET** /supportedimages | Lists all Virtual Machine Images supported by the Azure Batch service.
*BatchService.ApplicationsApi* | [**applicationGet**](docs/ApplicationsApi.md#applicationGet) | **GET** /applications/{applicationId} | Gets information about the specified Application.
*BatchService.ApplicationsApi* | [**applicationList**](docs/ApplicationsApi.md#applicationList) | **GET** /applications | Lists all of the applications available in the specified Account.
*BatchService.CertificatesApi* | [**certificateAdd**](docs/CertificatesApi.md#certificateAdd) | **POST** /certificates | Adds a Certificate to the specified Account.
*BatchService.CertificatesApi* | [**certificateCancelDeletion**](docs/CertificatesApi.md#certificateCancelDeletion) | **POST** /certificates(thumbprintAlgorithm&#x3D;{thumbprintAlgorithm},thumbprint&#x3D;{thumbprint})/canceldelete | Cancels a failed deletion of a Certificate from the specified Account.
*BatchService.CertificatesApi* | [**certificateDelete**](docs/CertificatesApi.md#certificateDelete) | **DELETE** /certificates(thumbprintAlgorithm&#x3D;{thumbprintAlgorithm},thumbprint&#x3D;{thumbprint}) | Deletes a Certificate from the specified Account.
*BatchService.CertificatesApi* | [**certificateGet**](docs/CertificatesApi.md#certificateGet) | **GET** /certificates(thumbprintAlgorithm&#x3D;{thumbprintAlgorithm},thumbprint&#x3D;{thumbprint}) | 
*BatchService.CertificatesApi* | [**certificateList**](docs/CertificatesApi.md#certificateList) | **GET** /certificates | Lists all of the Certificates that have been added to the specified Account.
*BatchService.ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeAddUser**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeAddUser) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/users | Adds a user Account to the specified Compute Node.
*BatchService.ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeDeleteUser**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeDeleteUser) | **DELETE** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/users/{userName} | Deletes a user Account from the specified Compute Node.
*BatchService.ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeDisableScheduling**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeDisableScheduling) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/disablescheduling | Disables Task scheduling on the specified Compute Node.
*BatchService.ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeEnableScheduling**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeEnableScheduling) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/enablescheduling | Enables Task scheduling on the specified Compute Node.
*BatchService.ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeGet**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeGet) | **GET** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId} | Gets information about the specified Compute Node.
*BatchService.ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeGetRemoteDesktop**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeGetRemoteDesktop) | **GET** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/rdp | Gets the Remote Desktop Protocol file for the specified Compute Node.
*BatchService.ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeGetRemoteLoginSettings**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeGetRemoteLoginSettings) | **GET** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/remoteloginsettings | Gets the settings required for remote login to a Compute Node.
*BatchService.ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeList**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeList) | **GET** /pools/{poolId}/nodes | Lists the Compute Nodes in the specified Pool.
*BatchService.ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeReboot**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeReboot) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/reboot | Restarts the specified Compute Node.
*BatchService.ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeReimage**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeReimage) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/reimage | Reinstalls the operating system on the specified Compute Node.
*BatchService.ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeUpdateUser**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeUpdateUser) | **PUT** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/users/{userName} | Updates the password and expiration time of a user Account on the specified Compute Node.
*BatchService.ComputeNodesApi* | [**computeNodeUploadBatchServiceLogs**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#computeNodeUploadBatchServiceLogs) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/uploadbatchservicelogs | Upload Azure Batch service log files from the specified Compute Node to Azure Blob Storage.
*BatchService.ComputeNodesApi* | [**poolRemoveNodes**](docs/ComputeNodesApi.md#poolRemoveNodes) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/removenodes | Removes Compute Nodes from the specified Pool.
*BatchService.FilesApi* | [**fileDeleteFromComputeNode**](docs/FilesApi.md#fileDeleteFromComputeNode) | **DELETE** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/files/{filePath} | Deletes the specified file from the Compute Node.
*BatchService.FilesApi* | [**fileDeleteFromTask**](docs/FilesApi.md#fileDeleteFromTask) | **DELETE** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId}/files/{filePath} | Deletes the specified Task file from the Compute Node where the Task ran.
*BatchService.FilesApi* | [**fileGetFromComputeNode**](docs/FilesApi.md#fileGetFromComputeNode) | **GET** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/files/{filePath} | 
*BatchService.FilesApi* | [**fileGetFromTask**](docs/FilesApi.md#fileGetFromTask) | **GET** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId}/files/{filePath} | 
*BatchService.FilesApi* | [**fileGetPropertiesFromComputeNode**](docs/FilesApi.md#fileGetPropertiesFromComputeNode) | **HEAD** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/files/{filePath} | 
*BatchService.FilesApi* | [**fileGetPropertiesFromTask**](docs/FilesApi.md#fileGetPropertiesFromTask) | **HEAD** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId}/files/{filePath} | 
*BatchService.FilesApi* | [**fileListFromComputeNode**](docs/FilesApi.md#fileListFromComputeNode) | **GET** /pools/{poolId}/nodes/{nodeId}/files | Lists all of the files in Task directories on the specified Compute Node.
*BatchService.FilesApi* | [**fileListFromTask**](docs/FilesApi.md#fileListFromTask) | **GET** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId}/files | Lists the files in a Task&#39;s directory on its Compute Node.
*BatchService.JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleAdd**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleAdd) | **POST** /jobschedules | Adds a Job Schedule to the specified Account.
*BatchService.JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleDelete**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleDelete) | **DELETE** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId} | Deletes a Job Schedule from the specified Account.
*BatchService.JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleDisable**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleDisable) | **POST** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId}/disable | Disables a Job Schedule.
*BatchService.JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleEnable**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleEnable) | **POST** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId}/enable | Enables a Job Schedule.
*BatchService.JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleExists**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleExists) | **HEAD** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId} | Checks the specified Job Schedule exists.
*BatchService.JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleGet**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleGet) | **GET** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId} | 
*BatchService.JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleList**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleList) | **GET** /jobschedules | Lists all of the Job Schedules in the specified Account.
*BatchService.JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobSchedulePatch**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobSchedulePatch) | **PATCH** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId} | Updates the properties of the specified Job Schedule.
*BatchService.JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleTerminate**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleTerminate) | **POST** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId}/terminate | Terminates a Job Schedule.
*BatchService.JobSchedulesApi* | [**jobScheduleUpdate**](docs/JobSchedulesApi.md#jobScheduleUpdate) | **PUT** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId} | Updates the properties of the specified Job Schedule.
*BatchService.JobsApi* | [**jobAdd**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobAdd) | **POST** /jobs | Adds a Job to the specified Account.
*BatchService.JobsApi* | [**jobDelete**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobDelete) | **DELETE** /jobs/{jobId} | Deletes a Job.
*BatchService.JobsApi* | [**jobDisable**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobDisable) | **POST** /jobs/{jobId}/disable | Disables the specified Job, preventing new Tasks from running.
*BatchService.JobsApi* | [**jobEnable**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobEnable) | **POST** /jobs/{jobId}/enable | Enables the specified Job, allowing new Tasks to run.
*BatchService.JobsApi* | [**jobGet**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobGet) | **GET** /jobs/{jobId} | Gets information about the specified Job.
*BatchService.JobsApi* | [**jobGetAllLifetimeStatistics**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobGetAllLifetimeStatistics) | **GET** /lifetimejobstats | Gets lifetime summary statistics for all of the Jobs in the specified Account.
*BatchService.JobsApi* | [**jobGetTaskCounts**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobGetTaskCounts) | **GET** /jobs/{jobId}/taskcounts | Gets the Task counts for the specified Job.
*BatchService.JobsApi* | [**jobList**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobList) | **GET** /jobs | Lists all of the Jobs in the specified Account.
*BatchService.JobsApi* | [**jobListFromJobSchedule**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobListFromJobSchedule) | **GET** /jobschedules/{jobScheduleId}/jobs | Lists the Jobs that have been created under the specified Job Schedule.
*BatchService.JobsApi* | [**jobListPreparationAndReleaseTaskStatus**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobListPreparationAndReleaseTaskStatus) | **GET** /jobs/{jobId}/jobpreparationandreleasetaskstatus | Lists the execution status of the Job Preparation and Job Release Task for the specified Job across the Compute Nodes where the Job has run.
*BatchService.JobsApi* | [**jobPatch**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobPatch) | **PATCH** /jobs/{jobId} | Updates the properties of the specified Job.
*BatchService.JobsApi* | [**jobTerminate**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobTerminate) | **POST** /jobs/{jobId}/terminate | Terminates the specified Job, marking it as completed.
*BatchService.JobsApi* | [**jobUpdate**](docs/JobsApi.md#jobUpdate) | **PUT** /jobs/{jobId} | Updates the properties of the specified Job.
*BatchService.PoolsApi* | [**poolAdd**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolAdd) | **POST** /pools | Adds a Pool to the specified Account.
*BatchService.PoolsApi* | [**poolDelete**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolDelete) | **DELETE** /pools/{poolId} | Deletes a Pool from the specified Account.
*BatchService.PoolsApi* | [**poolDisableAutoScale**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolDisableAutoScale) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/disableautoscale | Disables automatic scaling for a Pool.
*BatchService.PoolsApi* | [**poolEnableAutoScale**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolEnableAutoScale) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/enableautoscale | Enables automatic scaling for a Pool.
*BatchService.PoolsApi* | [**poolEvaluateAutoScale**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolEvaluateAutoScale) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/evaluateautoscale | Gets the result of evaluating an automatic scaling formula on the Pool.
*BatchService.PoolsApi* | [**poolExists**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolExists) | **HEAD** /pools/{poolId} | 
*BatchService.PoolsApi* | [**poolGet**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolGet) | **GET** /pools/{poolId} | 
*BatchService.PoolsApi* | [**poolGetAllLifetimeStatistics**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolGetAllLifetimeStatistics) | **GET** /lifetimepoolstats | Gets lifetime summary statistics for all of the Pools in the specified Account.
*BatchService.PoolsApi* | [**poolList**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolList) | **GET** /pools | Lists all of the Pools in the specified Account.
*BatchService.PoolsApi* | [**poolListUsageMetrics**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolListUsageMetrics) | **GET** /poolusagemetrics | Lists the usage metrics, aggregated by Pool across individual time intervals, for the specified Account.
*BatchService.PoolsApi* | [**poolPatch**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolPatch) | **PATCH** /pools/{poolId} | Updates the properties of the specified Pool.
*BatchService.PoolsApi* | [**poolResize**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolResize) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/resize | Changes the number of Compute Nodes that are assigned to a Pool.
*BatchService.PoolsApi* | [**poolStopResize**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolStopResize) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/stopresize | Stops an ongoing resize operation on the Pool.
*BatchService.PoolsApi* | [**poolUpdateProperties**](docs/PoolsApi.md#poolUpdateProperties) | **POST** /pools/{poolId}/updateproperties | Updates the properties of the specified Pool.
*BatchService.TasksApi* | [**taskAdd**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskAdd) | **POST** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks | Adds a Task to the specified Job.
*BatchService.TasksApi* | [**taskAddCollection**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskAddCollection) | **POST** /jobs/{jobId}/addtaskcollection | Adds a collection of Tasks to the specified Job.
*BatchService.TasksApi* | [**taskDelete**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskDelete) | **DELETE** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId} | Deletes a Task from the specified Job.
*BatchService.TasksApi* | [**taskGet**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskGet) | **GET** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId} | Gets information about the specified Task.
*BatchService.TasksApi* | [**taskList**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskList) | **GET** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks | Lists all of the Tasks that are associated with the specified Job.
*BatchService.TasksApi* | [**taskListSubtasks**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskListSubtasks) | **GET** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId}/subtasksinfo | Lists all of the subtasks that are associated with the specified multi-instance Task.
*BatchService.TasksApi* | [**taskReactivate**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskReactivate) | **POST** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId}/reactivate | Reactivates a Task, allowing it to run again even if its retry count has been exhausted.
*BatchService.TasksApi* | [**taskTerminate**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskTerminate) | **POST** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId}/terminate | Terminates the specified Task.
*BatchService.TasksApi* | [**taskUpdate**](docs/TasksApi.md#taskUpdate) | **PUT** /jobs/{jobId}/tasks/{taskId} | 


## Documentation for Models

 - [BatchService.AccountListSupportedImagesResult](docs/AccountListSupportedImagesResult.md)
 - [BatchService.AffinityInformation](docs/AffinityInformation.md)
 - [BatchService.ApplicationListResult](docs/ApplicationListResult.md)
 - [BatchService.ApplicationPackageReference](docs/ApplicationPackageReference.md)
 - [BatchService.ApplicationSummary](docs/ApplicationSummary.md)
 - [BatchService.AuthenticationTokenSettings](docs/AuthenticationTokenSettings.md)
 - [BatchService.AutoPoolSpecification](docs/AutoPoolSpecification.md)
 - [BatchService.AutoScaleRun](docs/AutoScaleRun.md)
 - [BatchService.AutoScaleRunError](docs/AutoScaleRunError.md)
 - [BatchService.AutoUserSpecification](docs/AutoUserSpecification.md)
 - [BatchService.BatchError](docs/BatchError.md)
 - [BatchService.BatchErrorDetail](docs/BatchErrorDetail.md)
 - [BatchService.CachingType](docs/CachingType.md)
 - [BatchService.Certificate](docs/Certificate.md)
 - [BatchService.CertificateAddParameter](docs/CertificateAddParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.CertificateListResult](docs/CertificateListResult.md)
 - [BatchService.CertificateReference](docs/CertificateReference.md)
 - [BatchService.CertificateState](docs/CertificateState.md)
 - [BatchService.CloudJob](docs/CloudJob.md)
 - [BatchService.CloudJobListPreparationAndReleaseTaskStatusResult](docs/CloudJobListPreparationAndReleaseTaskStatusResult.md)
 - [BatchService.CloudJobListResult](docs/CloudJobListResult.md)
 - [BatchService.CloudJobSchedule](docs/CloudJobSchedule.md)
 - [BatchService.CloudJobScheduleListResult](docs/CloudJobScheduleListResult.md)
 - [BatchService.CloudPool](docs/CloudPool.md)
 - [BatchService.CloudPoolListResult](docs/CloudPoolListResult.md)
 - [BatchService.CloudServiceConfiguration](docs/CloudServiceConfiguration.md)
 - [BatchService.CloudTask](docs/CloudTask.md)
 - [BatchService.CloudTaskListResult](docs/CloudTaskListResult.md)
 - [BatchService.CloudTaskListSubtasksResult](docs/CloudTaskListSubtasksResult.md)
 - [BatchService.ComputeNode](docs/ComputeNode.md)
 - [BatchService.ComputeNodeDeallocationOption](docs/ComputeNodeDeallocationOption.md)
 - [BatchService.ComputeNodeEndpointConfiguration](docs/ComputeNodeEndpointConfiguration.md)
 - [BatchService.ComputeNodeError](docs/ComputeNodeError.md)
 - [BatchService.ComputeNodeGetRemoteLoginSettingsResult](docs/ComputeNodeGetRemoteLoginSettingsResult.md)
 - [BatchService.ComputeNodeInformation](docs/ComputeNodeInformation.md)
 - [BatchService.ComputeNodeListResult](docs/ComputeNodeListResult.md)
 - [BatchService.ComputeNodeUser](docs/ComputeNodeUser.md)
 - [BatchService.ContainerConfiguration](docs/ContainerConfiguration.md)
 - [BatchService.ContainerRegistry](docs/ContainerRegistry.md)
 - [BatchService.DataDisk](docs/DataDisk.md)
 - [BatchService.DeleteCertificateError](docs/DeleteCertificateError.md)
 - [BatchService.ElevationLevel](docs/ElevationLevel.md)
 - [BatchService.EnvironmentSetting](docs/EnvironmentSetting.md)
 - [BatchService.ErrorCategory](docs/ErrorCategory.md)
 - [BatchService.ErrorMessage](docs/ErrorMessage.md)
 - [BatchService.ExitCodeMapping](docs/ExitCodeMapping.md)
 - [BatchService.ExitCodeRangeMapping](docs/ExitCodeRangeMapping.md)
 - [BatchService.ExitConditions](docs/ExitConditions.md)
 - [BatchService.ExitOptions](docs/ExitOptions.md)
 - [BatchService.FileProperties](docs/FileProperties.md)
 - [BatchService.ImageInformation](docs/ImageInformation.md)
 - [BatchService.ImageReference](docs/ImageReference.md)
 - [BatchService.InboundEndpoint](docs/InboundEndpoint.md)
 - [BatchService.InboundEndpointProtocol](docs/InboundEndpointProtocol.md)
 - [BatchService.InboundNATPool](docs/InboundNATPool.md)
 - [BatchService.JobAddParameter](docs/JobAddParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.JobConstraints](docs/JobConstraints.md)
 - [BatchService.JobDisableParameter](docs/JobDisableParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.JobExecutionInformation](docs/JobExecutionInformation.md)
 - [BatchService.JobManagerTask](docs/JobManagerTask.md)
 - [BatchService.JobNetworkConfiguration](docs/JobNetworkConfiguration.md)
 - [BatchService.JobPatchParameter](docs/JobPatchParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.JobPreparationAndReleaseTaskExecutionInformation](docs/JobPreparationAndReleaseTaskExecutionInformation.md)
 - [BatchService.JobPreparationTask](docs/JobPreparationTask.md)
 - [BatchService.JobPreparationTaskExecutionInformation](docs/JobPreparationTaskExecutionInformation.md)
 - [BatchService.JobReleaseTask](docs/JobReleaseTask.md)
 - [BatchService.JobReleaseTaskExecutionInformation](docs/JobReleaseTaskExecutionInformation.md)
 - [BatchService.JobScheduleAddParameter](docs/JobScheduleAddParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.JobScheduleExecutionInformation](docs/JobScheduleExecutionInformation.md)
 - [BatchService.JobSchedulePatchParameter](docs/JobSchedulePatchParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.JobScheduleState](docs/JobScheduleState.md)
 - [BatchService.JobScheduleStatistics](docs/JobScheduleStatistics.md)
 - [BatchService.JobScheduleUpdateParameter](docs/JobScheduleUpdateParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.JobSchedulingError](docs/JobSchedulingError.md)
 - [BatchService.JobSpecification](docs/JobSpecification.md)
 - [BatchService.JobState](docs/JobState.md)
 - [BatchService.JobStatistics](docs/JobStatistics.md)
 - [BatchService.JobTerminateParameter](docs/JobTerminateParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.JobUpdateParameter](docs/JobUpdateParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.LinuxUserConfiguration](docs/LinuxUserConfiguration.md)
 - [BatchService.MetadataItem](docs/MetadataItem.md)
 - [BatchService.MultiInstanceSettings](docs/MultiInstanceSettings.md)
 - [BatchService.NameValuePair](docs/NameValuePair.md)
 - [BatchService.NetworkConfiguration](docs/NetworkConfiguration.md)
 - [BatchService.NetworkSecurityGroupRule](docs/NetworkSecurityGroupRule.md)
 - [BatchService.NodeAgentInformation](docs/NodeAgentInformation.md)
 - [BatchService.NodeCounts](docs/NodeCounts.md)
 - [BatchService.NodeDisableSchedulingParameter](docs/NodeDisableSchedulingParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.NodeFile](docs/NodeFile.md)
 - [BatchService.NodeFileListResult](docs/NodeFileListResult.md)
 - [BatchService.NodeRebootParameter](docs/NodeRebootParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.NodeReimageParameter](docs/NodeReimageParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.NodeRemoveParameter](docs/NodeRemoveParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.NodeUpdateUserParameter](docs/NodeUpdateUserParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.OnAllTasksComplete](docs/OnAllTasksComplete.md)
 - [BatchService.OnTaskFailure](docs/OnTaskFailure.md)
 - [BatchService.OutputFile](docs/OutputFile.md)
 - [BatchService.OutputFileBlobContainerDestination](docs/OutputFileBlobContainerDestination.md)
 - [BatchService.OutputFileDestination](docs/OutputFileDestination.md)
 - [BatchService.OutputFileUploadCondition](docs/OutputFileUploadCondition.md)
 - [BatchService.OutputFileUploadOptions](docs/OutputFileUploadOptions.md)
 - [BatchService.PoolAddParameter](docs/PoolAddParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.PoolEnableAutoScaleParameter](docs/PoolEnableAutoScaleParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.PoolEndpointConfiguration](docs/PoolEndpointConfiguration.md)
 - [BatchService.PoolEvaluateAutoScaleParameter](docs/PoolEvaluateAutoScaleParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.PoolInformation](docs/PoolInformation.md)
 - [BatchService.PoolListUsageMetricsResult](docs/PoolListUsageMetricsResult.md)
 - [BatchService.PoolNodeCounts](docs/PoolNodeCounts.md)
 - [BatchService.PoolNodeCountsListResult](docs/PoolNodeCountsListResult.md)
 - [BatchService.PoolPatchParameter](docs/PoolPatchParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.PoolResizeParameter](docs/PoolResizeParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.PoolSpecification](docs/PoolSpecification.md)
 - [BatchService.PoolStatistics](docs/PoolStatistics.md)
 - [BatchService.PoolUpdatePropertiesParameter](docs/PoolUpdatePropertiesParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.PoolUsageMetrics](docs/PoolUsageMetrics.md)
 - [BatchService.RecentJob](docs/RecentJob.md)
 - [BatchService.ResizeError](docs/ResizeError.md)
 - [BatchService.ResourceFile](docs/ResourceFile.md)
 - [BatchService.ResourceStatistics](docs/ResourceStatistics.md)
 - [BatchService.Schedule](docs/Schedule.md)
 - [BatchService.StartTask](docs/StartTask.md)
 - [BatchService.StartTaskInformation](docs/StartTaskInformation.md)
 - [BatchService.StorageAccountType](docs/StorageAccountType.md)
 - [BatchService.SubtaskInformation](docs/SubtaskInformation.md)
 - [BatchService.SubtaskState](docs/SubtaskState.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskAddCollectionParameter](docs/TaskAddCollectionParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskAddCollectionResult](docs/TaskAddCollectionResult.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskAddParameter](docs/TaskAddParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskAddResult](docs/TaskAddResult.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskConstraints](docs/TaskConstraints.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskContainerExecutionInformation](docs/TaskContainerExecutionInformation.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskContainerSettings](docs/TaskContainerSettings.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskCounts](docs/TaskCounts.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskDependencies](docs/TaskDependencies.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskExecutionInformation](docs/TaskExecutionInformation.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskExecutionResult](docs/TaskExecutionResult.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskFailureInformation](docs/TaskFailureInformation.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskIdRange](docs/TaskIdRange.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskInformation](docs/TaskInformation.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskSchedulingPolicy](docs/TaskSchedulingPolicy.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskState](docs/TaskState.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskStatistics](docs/TaskStatistics.md)
 - [BatchService.TaskUpdateParameter](docs/TaskUpdateParameter.md)
 - [BatchService.UploadBatchServiceLogsConfiguration](docs/UploadBatchServiceLogsConfiguration.md)
 - [BatchService.UploadBatchServiceLogsResult](docs/UploadBatchServiceLogsResult.md)
 - [BatchService.UsageStatistics](docs/UsageStatistics.md)
 - [BatchService.UserAccount](docs/UserAccount.md)
 - [BatchService.UserIdentity](docs/UserIdentity.md)
 - [BatchService.VirtualMachineConfiguration](docs/VirtualMachineConfiguration.md)
 - [BatchService.WindowsConfiguration](docs/WindowsConfiguration.md)
 - [BatchService.WindowsUserConfiguration](docs/WindowsUserConfiguration.md)


## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### api_key


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: Authorization
- **Location**: HTTP header

### azure_auth


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: implicit
- **Authorization URL**: https://login.microsoftonline.com/common/oauth2/authorize
- **Scopes**: 
  - user_impersonation: Impersonate your user account

