# qakka

Qakka - JavaScript client for qakka
API for Qakka Queue System
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: v1
- Package version: v1
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install qakka --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your qakka from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var Qakka = require('qakka');


var api = new Qakka.QueuesApi()
var queueName = "queueName_example"; // {String} Name of Queue
var queueMessageId = "queueMessageId_example"; // {String} ID of Queue Message to be acknowledged
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.ackMessage(queueName, queueMessageId, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://apache.local*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*Qakka.QueuesApi* | [**ackMessage**](docs/QueuesApi.md#ackMessage) | **DELETE** /queues/{queueName}/messages/{queueMessageId} | Acknowledge that Queue Message has been processed.
*Qakka.QueuesApi* | [**createQueue**](docs/QueuesApi.md#createQueue) | **POST** /queues | Create new queue.
*Qakka.QueuesApi* | [**deleteQueue**](docs/QueuesApi.md#deleteQueue) | **DELETE** /queues/{queueName} | Delete Queue.
*Qakka.QueuesApi* | [**getListOfQueues**](docs/QueuesApi.md#getListOfQueues) | **GET** /queues | Get list of all Queues.
*Qakka.QueuesApi* | [**getMessageData**](docs/QueuesApi.md#getMessageData) | **GET** /queues/{queueName}/data/{queueMessageId} | Get data associated with a Queue Message.
*Qakka.QueuesApi* | [**getNextMessages**](docs/QueuesApi.md#getNextMessages) | **GET** /queues/{queueName}/messages | Get next Queue Messages from a Queue
*Qakka.QueuesApi* | [**getQueueConfig**](docs/QueuesApi.md#getQueueConfig) | **GET** /queues/{queueName}/config | Get Queue config.
*Qakka.QueuesApi* | [**sendMessageBinary**](docs/QueuesApi.md#sendMessageBinary) | **POST** /queues/{queueName}/messages | Send Queue Message with a binary data (blob) payload.
*Qakka.QueuesApi* | [**updateQueueConfig**](docs/QueuesApi.md#updateQueueConfig) | **PUT** /queues/{queueName}/config | Update Queue configuration.
*Qakka.StatusApi* | [**status**](docs/StatusApi.md#status) | **GET** /status | Status of webapp.


## Documentation for Models

 - [Qakka.ApiResponse](docs/ApiResponse.md)
 - [Qakka.Queue](docs/Queue.md)
 - [Qakka.QueueMessage](docs/QueueMessage.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

