# DiscoveryEngineApi.GoogleCloudDiscoveryengineV1alphaConverseConversationRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**boostSpec** | [**GoogleCloudDiscoveryengineV1alphaSearchRequestBoostSpec**](GoogleCloudDiscoveryengineV1alphaSearchRequestBoostSpec.md) |  | [optional] 
**conversation** | [**GoogleCloudDiscoveryengineV1alphaConversation**](GoogleCloudDiscoveryengineV1alphaConversation.md) |  | [optional] 
**filter** | **String** | The filter syntax consists of an expression language for constructing a predicate from one or more fields of the documents being filtered. Filter expression is case-sensitive. This will be used to filter search results which may affect the summary response. If this field is unrecognizable, an &#x60;INVALID_ARGUMENT&#x60; is returned. Filtering in Vertex AI Search is done by mapping the LHS filter key to a key property defined in the Vertex AI Search backend -- this mapping is defined by the customer in their schema. For example a media customer might have a field &#39;name&#39; in their schema. In this case the filter would look like this: filter --&gt; name:&#39;ANY(\&quot;king kong\&quot;)&#39; For more information about filtering including syntax and filter operators, see [Filter](https://cloud.google.com/generative-ai-app-builder/docs/filter-search-metadata) | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | Required. The resource name of the Conversation to get. Format: &#x60;projects/{project_number}/locations/{location_id}/collections/{collection}/dataStores/{data_store_id}/conversations/{conversation_id}&#x60;. Use &#x60;projects/{project_number}/locations/{location_id}/collections/{collection}/dataStores/{data_store_id}/conversations/-&#x60; to activate auto session mode, which automatically creates a new conversation inside a ConverseConversation session. | [optional] 
**query** | [**GoogleCloudDiscoveryengineV1alphaTextInput**](GoogleCloudDiscoveryengineV1alphaTextInput.md) |  | [optional] 
**safeSearch** | **Boolean** | Whether to turn on safe search. | [optional] 
**servingConfig** | **String** | The resource name of the Serving Config to use. Format: &#x60;projects/{project_number}/locations/{location_id}/collections/{collection}/dataStores/{data_store_id}/servingConfigs/{serving_config_id}&#x60; If this is not set, the default serving config will be used. | [optional] 
**summarySpec** | [**GoogleCloudDiscoveryengineV1alphaSearchRequestContentSearchSpecSummarySpec**](GoogleCloudDiscoveryengineV1alphaSearchRequestContentSearchSpecSummarySpec.md) |  | [optional] 
**userLabels** | **{String: String}** | The user labels applied to a resource must meet the following requirements: * Each resource can have multiple labels, up to a maximum of 64. * Each label must be a key-value pair. * Keys have a minimum length of 1 character and a maximum length of 63 characters and cannot be empty. Values can be empty and have a maximum length of 63 characters. * Keys and values can contain only lowercase letters, numeric characters, underscores, and dashes. All characters must use UTF-8 encoding, and international characters are allowed. * The key portion of a label must be unique. However, you can use the same key with multiple resources. * Keys must start with a lowercase letter or international character. See [Google Cloud Document](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-labels#requirements) for more details. | [optional] 


