# aviation_radiation_api

AviationRadiationApi - JavaScript client for aviation_radiation_api
Our atmosphere protects us from a hostile space radiation environment comprising high energy particles of solar and intergalactic origin. Solar radiation is significant during unpredictable and short lived solar flares and coronal mass ejections (CMEs); however, galactic cosmic radiation (GCR) is omnipresent. The GCR intensity varies with latitude, longitude, and time due to effects of solar activity on the interplanetary magnetic field, as well as the Earth's magnetic field. Space radiation collides with gases in the atmosphere, leading to a complex shower of high energy radiation, the intensity and composition of which varies spatially and temporally. Excessive exposure to radiation can damage DNA and lead to long-term health effects such as an increased risk of cancer.  <br><br> Resulting radiation levels at commercial aircraft altitudes are greater than at sea level. Aircrew are classified as radiation workers in some countries; however, planning to limit their exposure, and monitoring, is generally lacking. Both real-time measurements and predictive models of radiation in the atmosphere are important to mitigate the radiation risk to crew. <br><br>
We host a RESTful API to models of cosmic ray induced ionising radiation in the atmosphere. 
The CARI7 and PARMA endpoints use models developed by the US Federal Aviation Administration and the Japan Atomic Energy Agency to  calculate cosmic radiation doses at a point. 
The Route Dose API calculates the same quantities along a great circle route between two airports using CARI7. <br><br>
API requests must contain a key \"API-Key\" in the header (see code samples). Obtain a key from  <a href='https://developer.amentum.io'>here</a>. <br><br> 
Help us improve the quality of our web APIs by completing our 2 minute survey <a href=\"https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/CTDTRBN\">here</a>.<br><br>
Amentum Pty Ltd is not responsible nor liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as a result of using the API. <br><br>
Copyright <a href='https://amentum.space'>Amentum Pty Ltd</a> 2022.

This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.5.0
- Package version: 1.5.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install aviation_radiation_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your aviation_radiation_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var AviationRadiationApi = require('aviation_radiation_api');


var api = new AviationRadiationApi.Cari7Api()
var altitude = 11; // {Number} Altitude (in km). The minimum is 0 m, the maximum is 47 km (the upper limit of the stratosphere).
var latitude = 30; // {Number} Latitude. -90 (S) to 90 (N).
var longitude = 30; // {Number} Longitude. -180 (W) to 180 (E).
var year = 2019; // {Number} Year in YYYY.
var month = 12; // {Number} Month in MM.
var day = 1; // {Number} Day in DD.
var utc = 3; // {Number} Hour in 24 hour time.
var particle = "total"; // {String} The particle type as a string. Specifying 'total' returns the dose for all particle types. 
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ' + data);
  }
};
api.appApiCari7EndpointsCARI7AmbientDose(altitude, latitude, longitude, year, month, day, utc, particle, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AviationRadiationApi.Cari7Api* | [**appApiCari7EndpointsCARI7AmbientDose**](docs/Cari7Api.md#appApiCari7EndpointsCARI7AmbientDose) | **GET** /cari7/ambient_dose | The ambient dose equivalent rate calculated for a single particle type, or accumulated over all particle types. 
*AviationRadiationApi.Cari7Api* | [**appApiCari7EndpointsCARI7EffectiveDose**](docs/Cari7Api.md#appApiCari7EndpointsCARI7EffectiveDose) | **GET** /cari7/effective_dose | The effective dose rate calculated for a single particle type, or accumulated over all particle types. 
*AviationRadiationApi.ParmaApi* | [**appApiParmaEndpointsPARMAAmbientDose**](docs/ParmaApi.md#appApiParmaEndpointsPARMAAmbientDose) | **GET** /parma/ambient_dose | The ambient dose equivalent rate calculated for a single particle type, or accumulated over all particle types. 
*AviationRadiationApi.ParmaApi* | [**appApiParmaEndpointsPARMADifferentialIntensity**](docs/ParmaApi.md#appApiParmaEndpointsPARMADifferentialIntensity) | **GET** /parma/differential_intensity | The energy differential intensity of a particle at a given zenith angle.
*AviationRadiationApi.ParmaApi* | [**appApiParmaEndpointsPARMAEffectiveDose**](docs/ParmaApi.md#appApiParmaEndpointsPARMAEffectiveDose) | **GET** /parma/effective_dose | The effective dose rate calculated for a single particle type, or accumulated over all particle types. 
*AviationRadiationApi.RoutedoseApi* | [**appApiIcaroEndpointsICAROAmbientDose**](docs/RoutedoseApi.md#appApiIcaroEndpointsICAROAmbientDose) | **GET** /route/ambient_dose | Calculate the ambient equivalent dose along a great circle flight route. 
*AviationRadiationApi.RoutedoseApi* | [**appApiIcaroEndpointsICAROEffectiveDose**](docs/RoutedoseApi.md#appApiIcaroEndpointsICAROEffectiveDose) | **GET** /route/effective_dose | Calculate the total effective dose along a great circle flight route. 


## Documentation for Models

 - [AviationRadiationApi.AppApiCari7EndpointsCARI7AmbientDose200Response](docs/AppApiCari7EndpointsCARI7AmbientDose200Response.md)
 - [AviationRadiationApi.AppApiCari7EndpointsCARI7AmbientDose200ResponseDoseRate](docs/AppApiCari7EndpointsCARI7AmbientDose200ResponseDoseRate.md)
 - [AviationRadiationApi.AppApiCari7EndpointsCARI7EffectiveDose200Response](docs/AppApiCari7EndpointsCARI7EffectiveDose200Response.md)
 - [AviationRadiationApi.AppApiIcaroEndpointsICAROAmbientDose200Response](docs/AppApiIcaroEndpointsICAROAmbientDose200Response.md)
 - [AviationRadiationApi.AppApiIcaroEndpointsICAROAmbientDose200ResponseDose](docs/AppApiIcaroEndpointsICAROAmbientDose200ResponseDose.md)
 - [AviationRadiationApi.AppApiIcaroEndpointsICAROEffectiveDose200Response](docs/AppApiIcaroEndpointsICAROEffectiveDose200Response.md)
 - [AviationRadiationApi.AppApiParmaEndpointsPARMAAmbientDose200Response](docs/AppApiParmaEndpointsPARMAAmbientDose200Response.md)
 - [AviationRadiationApi.AppApiParmaEndpointsPARMADifferentialIntensity200Response](docs/AppApiParmaEndpointsPARMADifferentialIntensity200Response.md)
 - [AviationRadiationApi.AppApiParmaEndpointsPARMADifferentialIntensity200ResponseEnergies](docs/AppApiParmaEndpointsPARMADifferentialIntensity200ResponseEnergies.md)
 - [AviationRadiationApi.AppApiParmaEndpointsPARMAEffectiveDose200Response](docs/AppApiParmaEndpointsPARMAEffectiveDose200Response.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

