# USEpaEnforcementAndComplianceHistoryOnlineEchoDetailedFacilityReportDfr.Dfr040

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**dischargePoint** | **String** | A 3- or 4-character code that uniquely identifies a single permitted discharge point (also called a pipe or outfall). | 
**measurementType** | **String** | The type of measurement used to determine the violation. Applicable values: - \&quot;Mnthly\&quot;  stands for monthly. This means that the exceedance shown in that row was based upon a monthly average of readings submitted by the permittee. - \&quot;NMth\&quot; stands for non-monthly. This is generally a \&quot;maximum\&quot; amount read during the reporting period (and could indicate a spike that is not continuous). \&quot;Neither\&quot; denotes other measurements such as a minimum (e.g., pH could be in violation if below the permitted level). | 
**mnth10Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the tenth month. | 
**mnth10Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the tenth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth11Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the eleventh month. | 
**mnth11Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the eleventh month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth12Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the twelfth month. | 
**mnth12Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the twelfth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth13Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the thirteenth month. | 
**mnth13Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the thirteenth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth14Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the fourteenth month. | 
**mnth14Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the fourteenth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth15Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the fifteenth month. | 
**mnth15Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the fifteenth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth16Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the sixteenth month. | 
**mnth16Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the sixteenth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth17Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the seventeenth month. | 
**mnth17Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the seventeenth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth18Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the eighteenth month. | 
**mnth18Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the eighteenth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth19Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the ninteenth month. | 
**mnth19Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the ninteenth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth1Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the first month. | 
**mnth1Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the first month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth20Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the twentieth month. | 
**mnth20Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the twentieth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth21Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the twenty-first month. | 
**mnth21Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the twenty-first month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth22Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the twenty-second month. | 
**mnth22Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the twenty-second month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth23Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the twenty-third month. | 
**mnth23Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the twenty-third month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth24Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the twenty-fourth month. | 
**mnth24Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the twenty-fourth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth25Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the twenty-fifth month. | 
**mnth25Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the twenty-fifth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth26Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the twenty-sixth month. | 
**mnth26Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the twenty-sixth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth27Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the twenty-seventh month. | 
**mnth27Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the twenty-seventh month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth28Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the twenty-eighth month. | 
**mnth28Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the twenty-eighth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth29Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the twenty-ninth month. | 
**mnth29Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the twenty-ninth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth2Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the second month. | 
**mnth2Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the second month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth30Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the thirtieth month. | 
**mnth30Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the thirtieth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth31Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the thirty-first month. | 
**mnth31Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the thirty-first month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth32Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the thirty-second month. | 
**mnth32Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the thirty-second month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth33Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the thirty-third month. | 
**mnth33Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the thirty-third month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth34Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the thirty-fourth month. | 
**mnth34Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the thirty-fourth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth35Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the thirty-fifth month. | 
**mnth35Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the thirty-fifth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth36Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the thirty-sixth month. | 
**mnth36Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the thirty-sixth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth37Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the thirty-seventh month. | 
**mnth37Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the thirty-seventh month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth38Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the thirty-eighth month. | 
**mnth38Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the thirty-eighth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth39Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the thirty-ninth month. | 
**mnth39Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the thirty-ninth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth3Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the third month. | 
**mnth3Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the third month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth4Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the fourth month. | 
**mnth4Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the fourth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth5Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the fifth month. | 
**mnth5Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the fifth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth6Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the sixth month. | 
**mnth6Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the sixth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth7Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the seventh month. | 
**mnth7Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the seventh month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth8Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the eighth month. | 
**mnth8Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the eighth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**mnth9Status** | **String** | The compliance status of the ninth month. | 
**mnth9Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the ninth month. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**parameterCode** | **String** | The unique 5 digit numeric code identifying the parameter. If the code is less than 5 digits in the .CSV, append zeros to the beginning of the number (e.g., 100 is equivalent to 00100) | 
**parameterName** | **String** | The pollutant name. | 
**qtr10Status** | **String** | The relevant status for the quarter. | 
**qtr10Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the tenth quarter. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**qtr11Status** | **String** | The relevant status for the quarter. | 
**qtr11Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the eleventh quarter. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**qtr12Status** | **String** | The relevant status for the quarter. | 
**qtr12Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the twelfth quarter. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**qtr13Status** | **String** | The relevant status for the quarter. | 
**qtr13Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the thirteenth quarter. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**qtr1Status** | **String** | The relevant status for the quarter. | 
**qtr1Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the first quarter. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**qtr2Status** | **String** | The relevant status for the quarter. | 
**qtr2Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the second quarter. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**qtr3Status** | **String** | The relevant status for the quarter. | 
**qtr3Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the third quarter. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**qtr4Status** | **String** | The relevant status for the quarter. | 
**qtr4Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the fourth quarter. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**qtr5Status** | **String** | The relevant status for the quarter. | 
**qtr5Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the fifth quarter. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**qtr6Status** | **String** | The relevant status for the quarter. | 
**qtr6Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the sixth quarter. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**qtr7Status** | **String** | The relevant status for the quarter. | 
**qtr7Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the seventh quarter. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**qtr8Status** | **String** | The relevant status for the quarter. | 
**qtr8Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the eighth quarter. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**qtr9Status** | **String** | The relevant status for the quarter. | 
**qtr9Value** | **String** | The value associated with the noncompliance in the ninth quarter. This may be a percent exceedance or a violation start or end date. | 
**sourceID** | **String** | Unique Identifier assigned by EPA. | 


