# USEpaEnforcementAndComplianceHistoryOnlineEchoDetailedFacilityReportDfr.Dfr024

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**carbonMonoxide1971Area** | **String** | Indicates the relevant National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) nontattinment standard for Carbon Monoxide (1971). | [optional] 
**lead1978Area** | **String** | Indicates the relevant National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) nontattinment standard for Lead (1978). | [optional] 
**lead2008Area** | **String** | If null, the facility is not located in a designated non-attainment area. If populated, the value is the name of the non-attainment area; normally this is a city or county name | [optional] 
**nitrogenDioxide1971Area** | **String** | Indicates the relevant National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) nontattinment standard for Nitrogen Dioxide (1971). | [optional] 
**ozone8hr1997Area** | **String** | If null, the facility is not located in a designated non-attainment area. If populated, the value is the name of the non-attainment area; normally this is a city or county name | [optional] 
**ozone8hr2008Area** | **String** | If null, the facility is not located in a designated non-attainment area. If populated, the value is the name of the non-attainment area; normally this is a city or county name | [optional] 
**ozone8hr2015Area** | **String** | Indicates the relevant National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) nontattinment standard for 8-Hour Ozone (2005). | [optional] 
**particulateMatter1987Area** | **String** | Indicates the relevant National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) nontattinment standard for Particulate Matter (1987). | [optional] 
**particulateMatter1997Area** | **String** | If null, the facility is not located in a designated non-attainment area. If populated, the value is the name of the non-attainment area; normally this is a city or county name | [optional] 
**particulateMatter2006Area** | **String** | If null, the facility is not located in a designated non-attainment area. If populated, the value is the name of the non-attainment area; normally this is a city or county name | [optional] 
**particulateMatter2012Area** | **String** | Indicates the relevant National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) nontattinment standard for Particulate Matter (2012). | [optional] 
**sulfurDioxide1971Area** | **String** | Indicates the relevant National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS) nontattinment standard for Sulfur Dioxide (1971). | [optional] 
**sulfurDioxide2010Area** | **String** | If null, the facility is not located in a designated non-attainment area. If populated, the value is the name of the non-attainment area; normally this is a city or county name | [optional] 


