# USEpaEnforcementAndComplianceHistoryOnlineEchoDetailedFacilityReportDfr.Dfr070

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**copperSamples** | [**[Dfr071]**](Dfr071.md) |  | [optional] 
**cuALE** | **String** | The count of occurrences when 90th percentile sample concentrations of copper exceeded the copper action level of 1.3 mg/L in the past five years. | [optional] 
**cuALEUnits** | **String** | The copper action level exceedances measurement units. | [optional] 
**cuALEValue** | **String** | The copper action level exceedance value. | [optional] 
**cuSampleDates** | **String** | The dates during which tap water samples were collected. | [optional] 
**cuViol** | **String** | The number of copper violations in the last five years. | [optional] 
**leadAndCopperViol** | **String** | The number of lead and copper violations. | [optional] 
**leadCopperRuleHealthBasedViol** | **String** | The count of open health-based violations of the Lead and Copper Rule in the past five years. | [optional] 
**leadSamples** | [**[Dfr072]**](Dfr072.md) |  | [optional] 
**pbALE** | **String** | The count of occurrences when 90th percentile sample concentrations of lead exceeded the lead action level of 0.015 mg/L in the past five years. | [optional] 
**pbALEUnits** | **String** | The lead action level exceedance measurement units. | [optional] 
**pbALEValue** | **String** | The lead action level exceedance sample value. | [optional] 
**pbSampleDates** | **String** | The dates during which tap water samples were collected. | [optional] 
**pbViol** | **String** | The number of lead violations in the last five years. | [optional] 
**ruleCode350Viol** | **String** | The count of open health-based violations in the past five years. These include violations of maximum contaminant levels (MCLs), maximum residual disinfectant levels (MRDLs), or treatment technique (TT) rules. | [optional] 
**sourceID** | **String** | Unique Identifier assigned by EPA. | [optional] 
**iCU90** | **String** | The number of times samples have been collected for copper in the last five years. | [optional] 
**iPB90** | **String** | The number of times samples have been collected for lead in the last five years. | [optional] 


