# USEpaEnforcementAndComplianceHistoryOnlineEchoDetailedFacilityReportDfr.Dfr101

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**offSiteTransfersPOTWS** | **String** | The total amount, in pounds per year, transferred off site to Publicly Owned Treatment Works (POTWs). | 
**releasesToLand** | **String** | Total releases to land on-site (includes landfills), in pounds per year. | 
**sourceID** | **String** | Unique Identifier assigned by EPA. | 
**surfaceWaterDischarges** | **String** | The total direct discharges to receiving streams or water bodies, in pounds per year. | 
**totalAirEmissions** | **String** | The total fugitive (non-point air emissions) and stack or point air emissions, in pounds per year. | 
**totalOffSiteReleases** | **String** | The total amount, in pounds per year, transferred off site to Publicly Owned Treatment Works (POTWs) and other off-site locations. | 
**totalOnSiteReleases** | **String** | Total pounds per year released for Air Emissions, Surface Water Discharges, Underground Injections and Releases to Land. | 
**totalReleasesTransfers** | **String** | Grand total for Air Emissions, Surface Water Discharges, Underground Injections, Releases to Land, On-Site Releases and Off-Site Transfers in pounds per year for all types of chemicals. | 
**undergroundInjections** | **String** | The total underground injections to wells on-site, in pounds per year. | 
**year** | **String** | The calendar year of a time dimension (reporting table) record. | 


