# C++ Qt API client

# 

Runscope API

- API version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0

Manage Runscope programmatically.


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIAccountApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIAccountApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIAccountApi apiInstance;
     
      //OAuth Authentication supported right now
      apiInstance.accountGet();
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### runscope_auth


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: accessCode
- **Authorization URL**: https://www.runscope.com/signin/oauth/authorize
- **Scopes**: 
  - account:email: Allows you to read the email addresses of user accounts.
  - api:read: Default read access.
  - bucket:auth_token: Allows you to read all bucket information, including Authenticated Buckets.
  - bucket:write: Allows you to create new buckets on behalf of the user (up to their plan limit).
  - message:write: Allows you to create new messages on behalf of the user (up to their plan limit).
  - team:read: Allows you to read team details such as lists of team members and external service integrations.
  - test:read: Allows you to read the details of API tests.
  - test:write: Allows you to create, update and delete details of API tests.


## Author




## License

 for more information visit []()