# C++ Qt API client

# 

HERE Network Positioning API v2

- API version: 2.1.1
- Generator version: 7.9.0

Positioning API accepts requests with radio network measurements and replies with corresponding location estimate. For more details and examples, see [Developer's Guide](https://developer.here.com/documentation/positioning). Cellular measurements are given in terms defined in 3GPP and 3GGP2 specifications, see the corresponsing documentation at http://www.3gpp.org.

Breaking changes from v1:
  - JSON fields
    `altaccuracy`, `baselat`, `baselng`, `cellparams`, `pilotpower`, `pnoffset`, `powrx`, `rxlevel`,
    have been deprecated and replaced with
    `altAccuracy`, `baseLat`, `baseLng`, `cellParams`, `pilotPower`, `pnOffset`, `rss`, `rxLevel`
    respectively.
  - Dependent parameters combined as a subobject.
    - CDMA, GSM, WCDMA, TD-SCDMA and LTE local identification parameters for serving cell moved under `localId` property.
    - GSM neighbor global ID: `lac` and `cid` for neighbor cell moved under `globalIdentity` property.



*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIAPIInformationApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIAPIInformationApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIAPIInformationApi apiInstance;
     
      // Configure API key authorization: APIKey
      apiInstance.setApiKey("YOUR API KEY NAME","YOUR API KEY");

      // Configure HTTP bearer authorization: AccessToken
      apiInstance.setBearerToken("BEARER TOKEN");
      apiInstance.getApiVersion();
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### APIKey


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: apiKey
- **Location**: URL query string

### AccessToken


- **Type**: HTTP Bearer Token authentication (JWT)


## Author




## License

HERE Documentation License for more information visit [HERE Documentation License](https://legal.here.com/en-gb/terms/documentation-license)