# ContentApiForShopping.Metrics

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**aos** | **Number** | Average order size - the average number of items in an order. **This metric cannot be segmented by product dimensions and customer_country_code.** | [optional] 
**aovMicros** | **Number** | Average order value in micros (1 millionth of a standard unit, 1 USD &#x3D; 1000000 micros) - the average value (total price of items) of all placed orders. The currency of the returned value is stored in the currency_code segment. If this metric is selected, &#39;segments.currency_code&#39; is automatically added to the SELECT clause in the search query (unless it is explicitly selected by the user) and the currency_code segment is populated in the response. **This metric cannot be segmented by product dimensions and customer_country_code.** | [optional] 
**clicks** | **String** | Number of clicks. | [optional] 
**conversionRate** | **Number** | Number of conversions divided by the number of clicks, reported on the impression date. The metric is currently available only for the FREE_PRODUCT_LISTING program. | [optional] 
**conversionValueMicros** | **String** | Value of conversions in micros (1 millionth of a standard unit, 1 USD &#x3D; 1000000 micros) attributed to the product, reported on the conversion date. The metric is currently available only for the FREE_PRODUCT_LISTING program. The currency of the returned value is stored in the currency_code segment. If this metric is selected, &#39;segments.currency_code&#39; is automatically added to the SELECT clause in the search query (unless it is explicitly selected by the user) and the currency_code segment is populated in the response. | [optional] 
**conversions** | **Number** | Number of conversions attributed to the product, reported on the conversion date. Depending on the attribution model, a conversion might be distributed across multiple clicks, where each click gets its own credit assigned. This metric is a sum of all such credits. The metric is currently available only for the FREE_PRODUCT_LISTING program. | [optional] 
**ctr** | **Number** | Click-through rate - the number of clicks merchant&#39;s products receive (clicks) divided by the number of times the products are shown (impressions). | [optional] 
**daysToShip** | **Number** | Average number of days between an order being placed and the order being fully shipped, reported on the last shipment date. **This metric cannot be segmented by product dimensions and customer_country_code.** | [optional] 
**impressions** | **String** | Number of times merchant&#39;s products are shown. | [optional] 
**itemDaysToShip** | **Number** | Average number of days between an item being ordered and the item being **This metric cannot be segmented by customer_country_code.** | [optional] 
**itemFillRate** | **Number** | Percentage of shipped items in relation to all finalized items (shipped or rejected by the merchant; unshipped items are not taken into account), reported on the order date. Item fill rate is lowered by merchant rejections. **This metric cannot be segmented by customer_country_code.** | [optional] 
**orderedItemSalesMicros** | **String** | Total price of ordered items in micros (1 millionth of a standard unit, 1 USD &#x3D; 1000000 micros). Excludes shipping, taxes (US only), and customer cancellations that happened within 30 minutes of placing the order. The currency of the returned value is stored in the currency_code segment. If this metric is selected, &#39;segments.currency_code&#39; is automatically added to the SELECT clause in the search query (unless it is explicitly selected by the user) and the currency_code segment is populated in the response. **This metric cannot be segmented by customer_country_code.** | [optional] 
**orderedItems** | **String** | Number of ordered items. Excludes customer cancellations that happened within 30 minutes of placing the order. **This metric cannot be segmented by customer_country_code.** | [optional] 
**orders** | **String** | Number of placed orders. Excludes customer cancellations that happened within 30 minutes of placing the order. **This metric cannot be segmented by product dimensions and customer_country_code.** | [optional] 
**rejectedItems** | **String** | Number of ordered items canceled by the merchant, reported on the order date. **This metric cannot be segmented by customer_country_code.** | [optional] 
**returnRate** | **Number** | Total price of returned items divided by the total price of shipped items, reported on the order date. If this metric is selected, &#39;segments.currency_code&#39; is automatically added to the SELECT clause in the search query (unless it is explicitly selected by the user) and the currency_code segment is populated in the response. **This metric cannot be segmented by customer_country_code.** | [optional] 
**returnedItems** | **String** | Number of ordered items sent back for return, reported on the date when the merchant accepted the return. **This metric cannot be segmented by customer_country_code.** | [optional] 
**returnsMicros** | **String** | Total price of ordered items sent back for return in micros (1 millionth of a standard unit, 1 USD &#x3D; 1000000 micros), reported on the date when the merchant accepted the return. The currency of the returned value is stored in the currency_code segment. If this metric is selected, &#39;segments.currency_code&#39; is automatically added to the SELECT clause in the search query (unless it is explicitly selected by the user) and the currency_code segment is populated in the response. **This metric cannot be segmented by customer_country_code.** | [optional] 
**shippedItemSalesMicros** | **String** | Total price of shipped items in micros (1 millionth of a standard unit, 1 USD &#x3D; 1000000 micros), reported on the order date. Excludes shipping and taxes (US only). The currency of the returned value is stored in the currency_code segment. If this metric is selected, &#39;segments.currency_code&#39; is automatically added to the SELECT clause in the search query (unless it is explicitly selected by the user) and the currency_code segment is populated in the response. **This metric cannot be segmented by customer_country_code.** | [optional] 
**shippedItems** | **String** | Number of shipped items, reported on the shipment date. **This metric cannot be segmented by customer_country_code.** | [optional] 
**shippedOrders** | **String** | Number of fully shipped orders, reported on the last shipment date. **This metric cannot be segmented by product dimensions and customer_country_code.** | [optional] 
**unshippedItems** | **Number** | Number of ordered items not shipped up until the end of the queried day. If a multi-day period is specified in the search query, the returned value is the average number of unshipped items over the days in the queried period. **This metric cannot be segmented by customer_country_code.** | [optional] 
**unshippedOrders** | **Number** | Number of orders not shipped or partially shipped up until the end of the queried day. If a multi-day period is specified in the search query, the returned value is the average number of unshipped orders over the days in the queried period. **This metric cannot be segmented by product dimensions and customer_country_code.** | [optional] 


