# ContentApiForShopping.ReturnPolicyOnline

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**countries** | **[String]** | The countries of sale where the return policy is applicable. The values must be a valid 2 letter ISO 3166 code, e.g. \&quot;US\&quot;. | [optional] 
**itemConditions** | **[String]** | The item conditions that are accepted for returns. This is required to not be empty unless the type of return policy is noReturns. | [optional] 
**label** | **String** | The unique user-defined label of the return policy. The same label cannot be used in different return policies for the same country. Policies with the label &#39;default&#39; will apply to all products, unless a product specifies a return_policy_label attribute. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | The name of the policy as shown in Merchant Center. | [optional] 
**policy** | [**ReturnPolicyOnlinePolicy**](ReturnPolicyOnlinePolicy.md) |  | [optional] 
**restockingFee** | [**ReturnPolicyOnlineRestockingFee**](ReturnPolicyOnlineRestockingFee.md) |  | [optional] 
**returnMethods** | **[String]** | The return methods of how customers can return an item. This value is required to not be empty unless the type of return policy is noReturns. | [optional] 
**returnPolicyId** | **String** | Output only. Return policy ID generated by Google. | [optional] [readonly] 
**returnPolicyUri** | **String** | The return policy uri. This can used by Google to do a sanity check for the policy. | [optional] 
**returnReasonCategoryInfo** | [**[ReturnPolicyOnlineReturnReasonCategoryInfo]**](ReturnPolicyOnlineReturnReasonCategoryInfo.md) | The return reason category information. This required to not be empty unless the type of return policy is noReturns. | [optional] 



## Enum: [ItemConditionsEnum]


* `ITEM_CONDITION_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"ITEM_CONDITION_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `NEW` (value: `"NEW"`)

* `USED` (value: `"USED"`)





## Enum: [ReturnMethodsEnum]


* `RETURN_METHOD_UNSPECIFIED` (value: `"RETURN_METHOD_UNSPECIFIED"`)

* `BY_MAIL` (value: `"BY_MAIL"`)

* `IN_STORE` (value: `"IN_STORE"`)

* `AT_A_KIOSK` (value: `"AT_A_KIOSK"`)




