# tru_anon_private_api

TruAnonPrivateApi - JavaScript client for tru_anon_private_api
Welcome to TruAnon!
Thank you for helping make the Internet a safer place to be.

Adopting TruAnon is simple. There is no setup or dependencies, nothing to store or process. Making identity part of your service is fun, and you’ll be up and running in a matter of minutes.

TruAnon Private Token is used anytime you request information from TruAnon and you must edit this into the Variables section for this collection.

This API contains two endpoints and both require these same two arguments, also found in the Variables section of this collection.

These two arguments are:

TruAnon Service Identifier

and

Your Member Name

Your TruAnon Service Identifier was provided by TruAnon and is likely the root domain of your site or service. Your Member Name is the unique member ID on your system that you would like to query.

Information is continuously updated for display purposes and aside from performance considerations, there should be no need to capture or save anything from TruAnon.
This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

To publish the library as a [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), please follow the procedure in ["Publishing npm packages"](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages).

Then install it via:

```shell
npm install tru_anon_private_api --save
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

##### Local development

To use the library locally without publishing to a remote npm registry, first install the dependencies by changing into the directory containing `package.json` (and this README). Let's call this `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`. Then run:

```shell
npm install
```

Next, [link](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/link) it globally in npm with the following, also from `JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR`:

```shell
npm link
```

To use the link you just defined in your project, switch to the directory you want to use your tru_anon_private_api from, and run:

```shell
npm link /path/to/<JAVASCRIPT_CLIENT_DIR>
```

Finally, you need to build the module:

```shell
npm run build
```

#### git

If the library is hosted at a git repository, e.g.https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID
then install it via:

```shell
    npm install GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following
the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`,
perform the following (assuming *main.js* is your entry file):

```shell
browserify main.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in the HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
var TruAnonPrivateApi = require('tru_anon_private_api');


var api = new TruAnonPrivateApi.DefaultApi()
var opts = {
  'id': "{{your-member-id}}", // {String} This is your unique username or member ID
  'service': "{{service-identifier}}" // {String} The service name given to you by TruAnon
};
var callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully.');
  }
};
api.getProfile(opts, callback);

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://staging.truanon.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*TruAnonPrivateApi.DefaultApi* | [**getProfile**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getProfile) | **GET** /api/get_profile | Get Profile
*TruAnonPrivateApi.DefaultApi* | [**getToken**](docs/DefaultApi.md#getToken) | **GET** /api/request_token | Get Token


## Documentation for Models



## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.

