# openapi-java-client

VA Forms
- API version: 0.0.0
  - Build date: 2024-10-12T12:31:29.594604-04:00[America/New_York]
  - Generator version: 7.9.0

Use the VA Forms API to search for VA forms, get the form's PDF link and metadata, and check for new versions.

Visit our VA Lighthouse [Contact Us page](https://developer.va.gov/support) for further assistance.

## Background
This API offers an efficient way to stay up-to-date with the latest VA forms and information. The forms information listed on VA.gov matches the information returned by this API.
- Search by form number, keyword, or title
- Get a link to the form in PDF format
- Get detailed form metadata including the number of pages, related forms, benefit categories, language, and more
- Retrieve the latest date of PDF changes and the SHA256 checksum
- Identify when a form is deleted by the VA

## Technical summary
The VA Forms API collects form data from the official VA Form Repository on a nightly basis.  The Index endpoint can return all available forms or, if an optional query parameter is passed, will return only forms that may relate to the query value. When a valid form name is passed to the Show endpoint, it will return a single form with additional metadata and full revision history. A JSON response is given with the PDF link (if published) and the corresponding form metadata.

### Authentication and authorization
The form information shared by this API is publicly available.  API requests are authorized through a symmetric API token, provided in an HTTP header with name apikey. [Get a sandbox API Key](https://developer.va.gov/apply).

### Testing in sandbox environment
Form data in the sandbox environment is for testing your API only, and is not guaranteed to be up-to-date. This API also has a reduced API rate limit. When you're ready to move to production, be sure to [request a production API key.](https://developer.va.gov/go-live)

### SHA256 revision history
Each form is checked nightly for recent file changes. A corresponding SHA256 checksum is calculated, which provides a record of when the PDF changed and the SHA256 hash that was calculated. This allows end users to know that they have the most recent version and can verify the integrity of a previously downloaded PDF.

### Valid PDF link
Additionally, during the nightly refresh process, the link to the form PDF is verified and the `valid_pdf` metadata is updated accordingly. If marked `true`, the link is valid and is a current form. If marked `false`, the link is either broken or the form has been removed.

### Deleted forms
If the `deleted_at` metadata is set, that means the VA has removed this form from the repository and it is no longer to be used.



*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.8+
2. Maven (3.8.3+)/Gradle (7.2+)

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
  <artifactId>openapi-java-client</artifactId>
  <version>0.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
  repositories {
    mavenCentral()     // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to maven central.
    mavenLocal()       // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to the local maven repo.
  }

  dependencies {
     implementation "org.openapitools:openapi-java-client:0.0.0"
  }
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

* `target/openapi-java-client-0.0.0.jar`
* `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java

// Import classes:
import org.openapitools.client.ApiClient;
import org.openapitools.client.ApiException;
import org.openapitools.client.Configuration;
import org.openapitools.client.auth.*;
import org.openapitools.client.model.*;
import org.openapitools.client.api.FormsApi;

public class Example {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    ApiClient defaultClient = Configuration.getDefaultApiClient();
    defaultClient.setBasePath("https://sandbox-api.va.gov/services/va_forms/v0");
    
    // Configure API key authorization: apikey
    ApiKeyAuth apikey = (ApiKeyAuth) defaultClient.getAuthentication("apikey");
    apikey.setApiKey("YOUR API KEY");
    // Uncomment the following line to set a prefix for the API key, e.g. "Token" (defaults to null)
    //apikey.setApiKeyPrefix("Token");

    FormsApi apiInstance = new FormsApi(defaultClient);
    String formName = "10-10EZ"; // String | The VA form_name of the form being requested. The exact form name must be passed, including proper placement of prefixes and/or hyphens.
    try {
      FindFormByFormName200Response result = apiInstance.findFormByFormName(formName);
      System.out.println(result);
    } catch (ApiException e) {
      System.err.println("Exception when calling FormsApi#findFormByFormName");
      System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
      System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
      System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
      e.printStackTrace();
    }
  }
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://sandbox-api.va.gov/services/va_forms/v0*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*FormsApi* | [**findFormByFormName**](docs/FormsApi.md#findFormByFormName) | **GET** /forms/{form_name} | Find form by form name
*FormsApi* | [**findForms**](docs/FormsApi.md#findForms) | **GET** /forms | Returns all VA Forms and their last revision date


## Documentation for Models

 - [FindFormByFormName200Response](docs/FindFormByFormName200Response.md)
 - [FindFormByFormName404Response](docs/FindFormByFormName404Response.md)
 - [FindFormByFormName404ResponseErrorsInner](docs/FindFormByFormName404ResponseErrorsInner.md)
 - [FindForms200Response](docs/FindForms200Response.md)
 - [FindForms401Response](docs/FindForms401Response.md)
 - [FindForms429Response](docs/FindForms429Response.md)
 - [FormShow](docs/FormShow.md)
 - [FormShowAttributes](docs/FormShowAttributes.md)
 - [FormShowAttributesBenefitCategoriesInner](docs/FormShowAttributesBenefitCategoriesInner.md)
 - [FormShowAttributesVersionsInner](docs/FormShowAttributesVersionsInner.md)
 - [FormsIndex](docs/FormsIndex.md)
 - [FormsIndexAttributes](docs/FormsIndexAttributes.md)


<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
<a id="apikey"></a>
### apikey

- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: apikey
- **Location**: HTTP header


## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author



