# openapi-java-client

Locations API
- API version: 1.0.0
  - Build date: 2024-10-12T10:09:37.866161-04:00[America/New_York]
  - Generator version: 7.9.0

The Locations API provides access to MasterCard's ATM and Merchant location database


*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.8+
2. Maven (3.8.3+)/Gradle (7.2+)

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>org.openapitools</groupId>
  <artifactId>openapi-java-client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
  repositories {
    mavenCentral()     // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to maven central.
    mavenLocal()       // Needed if the 'openapi-java-client' jar has been published to the local maven repo.
  }

  dependencies {
     implementation "org.openapitools:openapi-java-client:1.0.0"
  }
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

* `target/openapi-java-client-1.0.0.jar`
* `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java

// Import classes:
import org.openapitools.client.ApiClient;
import org.openapitools.client.ApiException;
import org.openapitools.client.Configuration;
import org.openapitools.client.model.*;
import org.openapitools.client.api.AtmCountriesApi;

public class Example {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    ApiClient defaultClient = Configuration.getDefaultApiClient();
    defaultClient.setBasePath("https://api.mastercard.com");

    AtmCountriesApi apiInstance = new AtmCountriesApi(defaultClient);
    try {
      CountriesResponse result = apiInstance.atmsV1CountryGet();
      System.out.println(result);
    } catch (ApiException e) {
      System.err.println("Exception when calling AtmCountriesApi#atmsV1CountryGet");
      System.err.println("Status code: " + e.getCode());
      System.err.println("Reason: " + e.getResponseBody());
      System.err.println("Response headers: " + e.getResponseHeaders());
      e.printStackTrace();
    }
  }
}

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.mastercard.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AtmCountriesApi* | [**atmsV1CountryGet**](docs/AtmCountriesApi.md#atmsV1CountryGet) | **GET** /atms/v1/country | Returns countries with valid ATM locations.
*AtmCountrySubdivisionsApi* | [**atmsV1CountrysubdivisionGet**](docs/AtmCountrySubdivisionsApi.md#atmsV1CountrysubdivisionGet) | **GET** /atms/v1/countrysubdivision | Returns country subdivisions that have ATM locations.  A country subdivision is a segment within a country (ex  state or province). Country subdivisions are only available for the US and Canada.
*AtmLocationsApi* | [**atmsV1AtmGet**](docs/AtmLocationsApi.md#atmsV1AtmGet) | **GET** /atms/v1/atm | Returns detailed information about an ATM location.  This information can be used to display ATMs on a map, provide driving directions, or show special ATM features.
*MerchantCategoriesApi* | [**merchantsV1CategoryGet**](docs/MerchantCategoriesApi.md#merchantsV1CategoryGet) | **GET** /merchants/v1/category | Returns a list of all merchant categories for contactless and cash back merchants (example:  Airline, Retail, etc.). 
*MerchantCountriesApi* | [**merchantsV1CountryGet**](docs/MerchantCountriesApi.md#merchantsV1CountryGet) | **GET** /merchants/v1/country | Returns countries that have Merchants offering the following services: accept contactless-enabled cards and devices, allow customers to add money to an eligible MasterCard or Maestro prepaid card, issue MasterCard Prepaid Travel cards, offer cash at checkout when paying with a Debit MasterCard or Maestro Card. 
*MerchantCountrySubdivisionsApi* | [**merchantsV1CountrysubdivisionGet**](docs/MerchantCountrySubdivisionsApi.md#merchantsV1CountrysubdivisionGet) | **GET** /merchants/v1/countrysubdivision | Returns country subdivisions that have Merchants offering the following services: accept contactless-enabled cards and devices, allow customers to add money to an eligible MasterCard or Maestro prepaid card, issue MasterCard Prepaid Travel cards, offer cash at checkout when paying with a Debit MasterCard or Maestro Card. A country subdivision is a segment within a country (ex  state or province).  Please note country subdivisions are only available for the US and Canada. 
*MerchantLocationsApi* | [**merchantsV1MerchantGet**](docs/MerchantLocationsApi.md#merchantsV1MerchantGet) | **GET** /merchants/v1/merchant | Returns merchant location information for merchants offering the following services: accept contactless-enabled cards and devices, allow customers to add money to an eligible MasterCard or Maestro prepaid card, issue MasterCard Prepaid Travel cards, participate in the MasterCard Easy Savings program, and offer cash at checkout when paying with a Debit MasterCard or Maestro Card. 


## Documentation for Models

 - [Acceptance](docs/Acceptance.md)
 - [Address](docs/Address.md)
 - [Atm](docs/Atm.md)
 - [Atms](docs/Atms.md)
 - [AtmsResponse](docs/AtmsResponse.md)
 - [Cashback](docs/Cashback.md)
 - [Categories](docs/Categories.md)
 - [CategoriesResponse](docs/CategoriesResponse.md)
 - [Countries](docs/Countries.md)
 - [CountriesResponse](docs/CountriesResponse.md)
 - [Country](docs/Country.md)
 - [CountrySubdivision](docs/CountrySubdivision.md)
 - [CountrySubdivisionResponse](docs/CountrySubdivisionResponse.md)
 - [CountrySubdivisions](docs/CountrySubdivisions.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [ErrorResponse](docs/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [Errors](docs/Errors.md)
 - [Features](docs/Features.md)
 - [Location](docs/Location.md)
 - [LocationType](docs/LocationType.md)
 - [Merchant](docs/Merchant.md)
 - [Merchants](docs/Merchants.md)
 - [MerchantsResponse](docs/MerchantsResponse.md)
 - [PayPass](docs/PayPass.md)
 - [Point](docs/Point.md)
 - [Products](docs/Products.md)
 - [RePower](docs/RePower.md)
 - [Topup](docs/Topup.md)


<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation for Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author



