# C++ Qt API client

# 

Veteran Confirmation

- API version: 0.0.1
- Generator version: 7.9.0

The Deprecated Veteran Confirmation API allows you to confirm Veteran status for a given person. This can be useful for offering Veterans discounts or other benefits.

The API will only return “Confirmed” or “Not Confirmed”.

## Quickstart Guide
### 1. Get Access Credentials
Get started by filling out the form on the [Apply for VA Lighthouse Developer Access](https://developer.va.gov/apply) page.

After submitting a request, you will receive your credentials for using the API in the Development environment, which allows you to try it out with mock data before moving to the Production environment.

### 2. Test the API
In the endpoint documentation below, we've provided a curl command builder for trying out the API before implementation with your app.
Use [Test User](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-api-clients/blob/master/test_accounts/confirmation_test_accounts.md) attributes to populate the request body.

### 3. Build your app
The base URI for the Veteran Confirmation API in the Sandbox environment is:

https://sandbox-api.va.gov/services/veteran_confirmation/v0

In this environment, use attributes from the list of [Test Users](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-api-clients/blob/master/test_accounts/confirmation_test_accounts.md). Only Test Users can return a `\"confirmed\"` response.

Check out some of our [sample apps](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-api-clients). Please visit our VA Lighthouse [Support portal](https://developer.va.gov/support) should you need further assistance.

### 4. Show us a demo and get access to the Production environment
After building your app, we ask that you give us a demo before we set you up with production credentials. Please see the [Path to Production](https://developer.va.gov/go-live) page for more details.

## Authorization
This API requires an API key in combination with identifiable information for the person being confirmed listed below. API requests are authorized through a symmetric API token provided in an HTTP header with name `apikey`. Including more information has a better chance of making a match and returning a Confirmed status.
### Required information:
* First Name
* Last Name
* Date of Birth
* Social Security Number

### Optional information:
* Middle Name
* Gender

## Reference
### Sandbox vs. Production Data
APIs accessed via the Sandbox environment are using the same underlying logic as VA’s production APIs; only the underlying data store is different.

### Master Veteran Index (MVI)
The Master Veteran Index confirms a user's identity. In Production, several factors are considered to confirm identity. These include: a user’s first name, last name, date of birth and Social Security number. The MVI is mocked in the Sandbox environment. In this environment, the only factor used to confirm identity is the Social Security number.

### Rate Limiting
We implemented basic rate limiting of 60 requests per minute. If you exceed this quota, your request will return a 429 status code. You may petition for increased rate limits by emailing and requests will be decided on a case by case basis.

### Raw Open API Spec
https://api.va.gov/services/veteran_confirmation/docs/v0/api



*Automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:

1. CMake 3.2+
2. Qt
3. C++ Compiler

## Getting Started

example.h:
```c++

#include <iostream>
#include "../client/OAIVeteranConfirmationStatusApi.h"

using namespace test_namespace;

class Example : public QObject {
    Q_OBJECT
    OAIVeteranStatusRequest create();
public Q_SLOTS:
   void exampleFunction1();
};

```

example.cpp:
```c++

#include "../client/OAIVeteranConfirmationStatusApi.h"
#include "example.h"
#include <QTimer>
#include <QEventLoop>

OAIVeteranStatusRequest Example::create(){
    OAIVeteranStatusRequest obj;
 return obj;
}

void Example::exampleFunction1(){
     OAIVeteranConfirmationStatusApi apiInstance;
     
      // Configure API key authorization: apikey
      apiInstance.setApiKey("YOUR API KEY NAME","YOUR API KEY");

      QEventLoop loop;
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIVeteranConfirmationStatusApi::getVeteranStatusSignal, [&]() {
          loop.quit();
      });
      connect(&apiInstance, &OAIVeteranConfirmationStatusApi::getVeteranStatusSignalE, [&](QNetworkReply::NetworkError, QString error_str) {
          qDebug() << "Error happened while issuing request : " << error_str;
          loop.quit();
      });

      OAIVeteranStatusRequest oai_veteran_status_request = create(); // OAIVeteranStatusRequest | 
      apiInstance.getVeteranStatus(oai_veteran_status_request);
      QTimer::singleShot(5000, &loop, &QEventLoop::quit);
      loop.exec();
  }

```

## Documentation for Servers

Parameterized Servers are supported. Define a server in the API for each endpoint with arbitrary numbers of variables:

```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:{port}/{basePath}
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
    port:
      enum:
        - '3000'
        - '1000'
      default: '3000'
    basePath:
      default: v1
```
To change the default variable, use this function in each Api:
```c++
int setDefaultServerValue(int serverIndex,const QString &operation, const QString &variable,const QString &val);
```
The parameter "serverIndex" will choose a server from the server list for each endpoint. There is always at least one server with index 0. The Parameter "operation" should be the desired endpoint operationid.
Variable is the name of the variable you wish to change and the value is the new default Value.
The function will return -1 when the variable does not exists, -2 if value is not defined in the variable enum and -3 if the operation is not found.

If your endpoint has multiple server objects in the servers array, you can set the server that will be used with this function:
```c++
void setServerIndex(const QString &operation, int serverIndex);
```
Parameter "operation" should be your operationid. "serverIndex" is the index you want to set as your default server. The function will check if there is a server with your index.
Here is an example of multiple servers in the servers array. The first server will have index 0 and the second will have index 1.
```yaml
servers:
- url: http://{server}:8080/
  description: Description of the Server
  variables:
    server:
        enum:
          - 'petstore'
          - 'qa-petstore'
          - 'dev-petstore'
        default: 'petstore'
- url: https://localhost:8080/v1
```

## Documentation for Authorization

Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### apikey


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: apikey
- **Location**: HTTP header


## Author




## License

 for more information visit []()